Timestamped Transcript: Copy of 03_31_25 - MM 3.0 - JD - VALUES
==================================================

[0:01] Speaker A: All right, here we are. And today we are going to go into values. And so to kick this off, let me see here. Let's do a little housekeeping first. Housekeeping. In this regard, we had a couple people that removed. One person came back in. The other one's still in. In limbo. And about 85, 95, 85, 90% of people last round made it all the way through. And the ones that didn't make it through just really got clear for themselves in the beginning that they just weren't really all in on it. Because if you're just all in on it and you see it, you're just gonna. You're just gonna get it done. You're gonna deal with all parts of yourself that have been resisting that are this. That are making up the stories. It's too hard. It's whatever noise comes, right? And Jacob and I have gotten even more clear in our communication. Both vocally written so that people really get what they're stepping into. That's why we. We have that one on one time with each of you. We have you read all of this stuff, sign it. Like, we're just putting it out as clear as we can, right? We're human. We do the best we can. We can with that and analogy. Some of you are in here, you're bumping up against your challenges and your resistances. And it's like, oh, I'm feeling the resistance to the assignment and I'm feeling this and, you know, and this is challenging and. Okay, Yep, got it. That's it. That's. That's part of it. And so it's like. And just gotta get. It's totally fine for that to exist. That's. That's just allowing our humanity. And then you just want to look like. How much do you want to keep talking about that? Do you want to keep talking about how hard it is to get my visa to go to another country and how to. Or do you just want to get the visa and get on your trip? Do you want to keep putting all the energy to talking about how challenging it is and how busy you are and all this, or do you just want to get it done? Do you know? It's the. The I love this, you know, I've seen recently. It's like your plan. Sorry, Your mood. Follow the plan. It can be hard and you act anyways. You can feel grief and still create. You can have a broken ankle and still be joyful. Just like your mood about it. We don't really care. We don't Care. We're not going to indulge you in like ah, it's for you to see. Oh, that's the game I play with myself. That's why I have the life I have. Because I've been around people in my life and in myself that just indulge that and just create all the space for that. And there's again, there's just here. We don't, we don't indulge it. We let you have it and then we reflect it. Bad. And it's like, great. How do you want to keep swimming in that or do you just want to get it done? And when you just see that over and over again and you're here in an environment for these 12 weeks and you just see it, it's like, oh, I can stop being the princess and I can be the queen now. We don't, we don't speak to the princess in you. We don't. I don't speak to the prince in Jacob. He doesn't speak to the prince and me. You speak to the king and queen in one another. We just call each other to rise up. We stop complaining and by and feeding the resistance. And so it's okay if you're doing it and we're just going to reflect back. It's like, hey, do you want to just talk about that or you just want to say, you know what? Hey, I missed it, I didn't do it, I didn't keep up, I'm just going to get back on it. Or hey, you know what? That was challenging. I see. Oh, I see it. And you know what? I'm just going to deal with myself anyways. When you just get that quick about it, you'll all that negativity just flush out and you'll be focused on what you want to create versus what's wrong or what's hard or what's this? Because you'll always get more of what you focus on. And so here is just the training ground. You just keep redirecting your energy back on what your commitment is. Just you just, you're back, you're just back on it. And so some of the, you know, the, the I, I love this one. You know, some of it like it's. It's been pretty common theme as well where people say it's ah, it's like it's bringing up all the stuff from school and how much I hate school and grade school and this. Yeah, I got it. And guess what? Still look at that part of yourself that doesn't do Things that feel like that. All right, it feels like this or it's reminding of this. And so I avoid. You just. You haven't been able to distinguish that it's not that. And you're still playing out that little kid. And look at how that infiltrates your life. Very powerful to see, right? This is all intentionally designed to evoke and bring up all of that stuff in you. And then it's your job and our job to one, to reflect it back to you and for you to see, whoa, how else is that showing up? What is that causing in my life? How is that impacting my relationships or my job or my ability to create how I feel about myself? And you just keep noticing that and unraveling all that here and just know that nobody here will ever coddle and indulge in it. So you can. You can air it out. You can do it. And if any. Any of you women start becoming friends and. And you find one of them complains the other, call her forward to stop that shit. Seriously, straight up. Don't tolerate with each other. I don't. Wouldn't tolerate that with Jacob. He's not going to tolerate that with me. No, it's okay if something's hard. Great. What do we need to do to get through this together? How do we need to structure our time? Oh, you know, we got this big project, okay, let's chunk out eight hours that day, and let's just sit down and focus, and let's get it done together. Whatever it is, we focus on what we are creating, not what's wrong and what we're resisting. You get what you focus on. So be that for each other. Be that for the people in your life. Seek out people that will be that for you. And just your life will multiply so much faster. So that's the housekeeping item. Because, you know, we're just listening. We watch these conversations, the threads, things, you know, Kim relays messages that are. That she feels important to us. And so we see it all, and then we just get back here and speak it to you. Speak it to you, Kenya.

[6:38] Speaker B: I'll take one quick, quick, quick question, A housekeeping question. And my Internet will be not good until next Saturday. Friday. We have two assignments which needs to be done before Friday, Right? Class meditation.

[6:57] Speaker A: Every single week, you will have assignments that are due from the previous week. Yeah, yeah.

[7:03] Speaker B: So from the previous week and then from this week, it's going to be next week.

[7:08] Speaker A: Yeah, but just look, look, even ask yourself why you're asking that question.

[7:13] Speaker B: Because they Want to be sure.

[7:14] Speaker A: Yeah, but look, you just saw what. What happened last week. You got your assignment submitted, right? There's the same thing. It's the same thing all the way through, just as it's written. What you sign. It's the same thing all the way through every week. Every week at the same time. It's. It's like. It's like stupid proof. We got it. We got a progress tracker. We got it all written out. We've created videos on it. We've talked about it. I mean, really, just look, is this all right there, same thing every week. You just gotta have this. Assignments every week. Show up to two calls, watch the recordings. It's all there. And guess what? Why, Why I asked you just like. Why are you even asking that question? Because you just demonstrated you know how to do it. You're here, you made it, you're doing it.

[8:06] Speaker B: It's more about that. I am scared that I'm not gonna have Internet. That's it. That's.

[8:11] Speaker A: That's good. Good. Deal with that part of yourself.

[8:15] Speaker B: Okay. Thank you.

[8:17] Speaker A: Yeah. This is all you guys. You guys knew the schedule. We laid it all out before you joined. And then I want you to. I want to. This is a good. Another housekeeping item. There's some of you that reached out and still tried to go around it. Well, I'm going to do this. Can I. Can you make this exception or. This is a. This is changing. No, we told you from the. Before you sign up, we said you're going to be in the presence of what we call an immovable boundary. Some of you have never experienced boundaries like that in your life. You weren't modeled in by your parents, by other people, but haven't lived them yourself. And so this is something that really wakes up a lot of people that come to work with us. They've never been in the presence of people that have held boundaries with them in their life. We won't move from it. So, yeah, please, by now we let it slide the first week. Don't send us any more messages asking about exceptions. You're wasting our time. You're wasting yours. Like, really hear the words that we say that we've said to you all the way through. There's no exceptions. Let that wake you up. It's actually somewhat some people's biggest transformation in this program. One of the women in the first round, she made it halfway through and removed her. Had all sorts of breakdowns. Jacob and I decided when we told. We told them we will not get on the Call with you if we remove you. We're not, we're not, we're not going to have conversations about it. We're not putting ourselves in that. If you don't follow it. Does the airline. Are they going to talk with you? Are they going to bend over backwards? No, you're not even going to. You're going to call the airline if you miss your flight, so don't do it with us. And she was really upset because we were in the middle. I want everyone to really grasp this. And by the way, Johannes, I'm not going to answer any more questions now. I'll save them for the end. She really wanted. She was really upset because she's like, well, we're pulling apart all this trauma and I feel like I've been left and I'm, I'm this. And he's like, okay, I'll get on and I'll listen. And Jacob and I listened to the full thing and we listened to the breakdowns and all of it and just listen and just reflected back to her. And I said, yes, we are leaving you. We are. And it was very clear. Just like, you know, the plane's going to take off and we stand, we stand by it. And we, and we reflected back. Look at all the ways that you accuse, you judge and you project onto us. By the way, this was when we were giving it away free for our first three months. We were pouring it in freely and we just listened and let her air it all out and just reflected back like, look, look who you're being. You know, we've said all these things and we want you to see that. And she woke up and this woman had paid for some world class coaches before people in our Jacob and I circle. And after we held that boundary for like 30 minutes with her speaking and we, we finally spoke and we called her forward. By the end of that call, she was like in tears, crying, thanking us. And then she stepped in, finally stepped into her purpose in the world has outpoured us, thanked us, all sorts of stuff. That's someone we removed because she got it. She saw the fucking game that she played with herself and how everybody else will play that game with her. And I can negotiate and I can manipulate my way around it. Not here. We don't care how much money you pay. We don't care how deep you are in your trauma. We don't care because we saw that when somebody will hold that for you, when they'll model a way of being, when you learn to have boundaries with yourselves, wow. All to your life. When you learn to respect the boundaries of other people who are trying to relate to you in healthy ways, you'll stop playing that game with yourself. You'll hear and you'll honor another and you'll honor yourself. That's why we do it. It's not here to. With you. It's not here to be controlling. No, it's like. To show you what. Like, what's life when you. You live. You honor boundaries with yourself and with others. Life works. So I trust y'all are hearing that. All right, let's dive into some values. So conversation today is about values. And so the question we've asked, I've asked hundreds of people now around the world. First question is, who in here, by a show of hands, can tell me exactly what your values are? Boom. Boom, Boom, boom. And the exact things you do to stay in alignment with those values? Great. Not a single hand. And the last round. Not a single hand. It's good. It's good to witness and watch how no hands come up. Because we'll assert that how could you ever have the life that you want to create and know what's important to you and how you're making decisions in the world if you're not clear on your values? And you could say that our life is a. Is a derivative of our actions if we're taking actions in the world, but how are we taking actions each day? What am I taking actions and basing my decisions on? It's really good to stop and think about that. How do I, you know, you're making that? I think they. They've studied like human beings make thousands of decisions a day. From which place are you making them on? That's a very important question and inquiry to look at. Because what's happening is if you're not clear on your values, like, boom. Like God, health, responsibility, integrity, cleanliness, time management, compassion. Know I can spout them off. And then what do I do to stay in alignment with Meaning how do I live my life so that those values exude me, so that they show up, so that when I'm with somebody or I'm living that people could figure that out just based on who I'm being? Because if we're not clear on those values and what we do to stay in line with it, we're just shooting in the dark. I'm just, like, making decisions out here on a whim. Or here's. Here's a. Going by what feels good. I'll do what feels good. I'm Always pulled by my feelings. Because if you don't know your values, the world will tell you what your values are. You will get a life dictated by, by what the world is telling you. When you're not anchored in and clear on what your values are. And how can you be authentic if you don't even know which place that you're living from and what's important to you? It's like clearly defined. This is what I do, this is how I operate in these situations. This is what comes first and foremost. How can I be authentic if I don't even have that defined? So I'm being this like disruptive to wake up. It's like, ah, I don't, I don't have the boom, big starting point. How am I going to navigate this world and relationships and business partnerships and endeavors and anything that I'm doing, Where am I making my decisions from? So consider that this is a conversation. It's about getting clear on your values and how we will go about that. So here's how. Because people ask, well, how do I know, how do I know what my, my values are? So values, we like to make values declared the way we declare them. This is my value that we write them out. They're written, they're declared, they're written, they're actionable, they're visible, can reflect on these things. And so what are your values? And said it another way, what's really important to you and how do you know? How do you know what's important to you? Well, you can take a look at what you have or don't have. So what you have is what you want, and what you want is what you have. Having is evidence of wanting. If I have it, I want it because I know I'm a powerful being. If I have to show up to my flight at 10 tomorrow, I'm just fucking getting there. That's what I want. I can look in all these areas of my life. When I really want it to have happen, I'll have it happen. And so I want to look at what I have in my life or don't have and it will start to be clear about what I really want or what's important to me. And so we, you know, to preface this, we have to really get that we're full of shit. A lot of the times the very nature of a breakthrough is that you're wrong about something. And so when we have this breakthrough, we think we got it, we think we got it now. But the very nature of a breakthrough is we were Wrong about something. So it's looking for where. Not, are we full of shit is where. Are we full of shit right now that we don't see that. I say, this is important. But then I look over here, what I have and don't have, and it's doesn't the math. Doesn't math. So in this conversation, you have to be willing to give up what you think you know and look for where I'm full of, where I'm not really telling the truth about what's really important to me. So we look. What do I have in my life? Where am I living? What is my food situation, my bank account, my relationships, my health? Like, what do I have and what do I not have? Well, maybe I don't have a lot of friends, or maybe I don't have much money, or maybe I. Maybe I don't have calm in my nervous system, but maybe I do have, you know, a constant pull towards watching porn. Or maybe I do have a lot of friends that gossip with me, or maybe I do have a lot of alcohol in the house. But I say my health's important, or maybe I have. You have to look. What do I have or not have? Got to take an inventory. I got to really look, start to tell. Remember, we tell them the truth. What do I have or not have? Another area. What's on your calendar? Or do you even calendarize your life? Do you. What do you have or not have? Do you not have a bunch of time? Are you not the creator of your time? What's on your calendar? Where is your time being given? That'll show you what's important. Or it might show you time's not important to you. Hitting it from a couple angles here, where you generally give your time. You want to start taking inventory. Am I being conscious? I mean, we would assert that time is the most of all, the most important thing that we have in this life. So where. Where is your time being directed? And when you look at that, when I look at what I have, I don't have, when I look at my time, my calendar, where Andrews. It'll start to reflect back to you what's truly important. You can. You can get it by your count. Looking at your calendar, looking around you, what you have, look at my life, what I don't have. And you could look at where you invest your money. Notice I didn't say spend. Where do you invest your time? Where do you give your time? Where do you invest your money? You're always investing it in something. Where is it going you can look at your bank statements, you might say one thing, but guess what? Those bank statements in that calendar will tell a different story. And so you want to look at the incongruency, your calendar, your bank account, your physical space, your interstate, you'll start to really figure out the truth of what your values are. We took people that last round to this, a lot of them, this was their favorite exercise. They really saw how full of shit they were in their life. Because there's no hiding in this. When you go to look and do in looking in these areas, my calendar, what I have, my bank account, this type of stuff, you start to see, wow, that is what I've made important, consciously or unconsciously, Because I can say that love is the most important thing in my life. I can say that that's a value, or I can say that cleanliness is the most important thing. But if I. My house is a fucking mess and I'm not even learning anything about how to become more loving or to clear my trauma or this or that, I can say one thing, but I'm not living it like, where is my life? A demonstration of that. How can I verify that in some way? Saying it, I'm just giving you some example. How can I validate that that's true? And this is important because when you actually live your life in alignment with what you profess consciously to be true, talk about an elevated trust of self, trust of God, trust of life, you get into alignment. But alignment with what? You know, we talked about aligning our calling, aligning with God. We assert the most important alignment with the higher power. And our values is another placeholder there. And you could say that our values coincide as a placeholder and that aligning our decisions with our values also supports us living our calling, feeling closer to God when we're living in truth of what we give our word to, of what we say is important, or when we simply become conscious of looking in our life and how decisions are being made. Because you have to have something to align to. Otherwise, again, just shooting from the hip. Shout in the dark and life will tell you what your values are. You will be dictated by the things you hear and see. You, life will be reactionary and compensatory to what's going on out here. Versus I'm a conscious woman that's grounded and making decisions from this place that I declare is important, and I hold true to that in the face of all sorts of shit. Whether that person leaves, are they upset or they fight me or this. It doesn't fucking matter. I stand true and I know who I am and the world moves around that. And that which is aligned can come towards me when I'm clear and there versus I'm. I've got all this shit in my life and it's not. It's a match for all of that unconscious and lack of clarity. But when I get true and I get declared and grounded in what's important and I line it up, wow, things alter. But I have to become conscious of what that is, what's important. I have to tell the truth of what I've been allowing, about what I have and don't have, about where I give my time, where I put my money. I gotta become conscious and tell the truth in these areas. And when I do, wow. And none of it's wrong. It's not wrong if you saying one thing. It's just you. Oh, it's just. Look, okay, I've been full of shit. It's just getting clear, not making it wrong. But I just got to tell the truth of it so that I can move into alignment, back wholeness. There's no longer a divide in my subconscious and my psyche that just chews up energy. And I keep getting a life that's a derivative of chaos and dysfunction and I can't figure out why. So that's what we're doing. We're getting that clear. And so we're always investing our time, money and energy. And are we doing it to create more harmony or more chaos? The goal is more harmony here. They become conscious creators with our time, our energy, our money, our words. And you can consider that having your values declared, written, actionable, visible in your visual field, anchor you and help you orientate towards life. Point of navigation. Because if you don't know your values, how can you ever expect to create a life that you want if the decisions you make are not aligned to clarity of what's important? So what does it look like in action? We're going to give you some examples. I'm actually going to share my screen because I got it written in a couple ways and there's values in different ways, you know. And so when I did this a few years ago, I remember something my mentor taught me. He always taught me about putting stuff out. He always would say this simple statement, simple, profound. He'd just say, you gotta get shit out of your head and out in front of you where you can see it. He would say that to me, like constantly, just such a simple statement. And I'd ask him, what do you do write it down and get it out of your head and put it out in front of you where you can see it. He'd just say it over and over again to me. And then I finally got the power of writing stuff out and putting it in my visual field where all I can see it and be reminded of it. So it's priming my consciousness every time I see it. You call it passive productivity. So it's working in the background of my subconscious every time I visualize it and see it. And so I took all my values out and I wrote them on a whiteboard and I wrote them on a whiteboard with actionable phrases under them that I could see them. And I wrote them in notion where I could go back and I can look at all of it so I can see it. And I kept it in my visual field for a long time. And then over time I just, I'm living them. I'm. I'm making decision does it, okay, if I'm gonna move somewhere, I'm gonna be with these people, I'm going to take on this project. Is that alignment with my values, does that match up? Is that going to support me becoming more and more close to those? Right? So it's one thing to declare it, then it's another thing to write out all the things that you'll do to bring it to life so that it lives through you. So you with people. And they could just tell, like, hey, I know what's important to this person. It comes from your being. It's like one of my favorite quotes is who you're being speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. It's just in your living, people will know who the fuck you are and what you're a stand for. That's powerful. So I'm going to show you an example and we're going to have you guys walk through your own exercise. You're going to do it on school, but you're also going to end up writing, writing them all out and you're going to post them somewhere in your, your place. So give me one second. So you can see notion here. So I had some of these written out and I actually need to go through and update them. But I would have a one sentence philosophy and I'd have lever movers. I would have things, you know, when I wrote them out this way and then I would have, let's see, like compassion. I'd write a sentence, the purpose of human life is to serve and show compassion and the will to help others. I'd have like a sentence that worked really well for me. I'd have different level lever movers, different insights. Oh, let's look at where's my one health. I'm full of vitality and I'm able to fully express my body into old age. My health is my top priority next to God. I only eat foods that serve me, serve my body and love me back. Eat three plus hours before bed, walk a minimum of 10,000 steps, lift weights too. You had all these things that I do to stay in alignment with that. So it's out of my visual field and it's out in front of me. I've declared it, I've declared it. I've got quotes, even different statements that help me just like know it. I have actions. And then I told you I had some of this written out on a whiteboard. I'd have the value, I'd have a statement or something Sometimes that day I would just have this is an action I'm going to do today to live that, to demonstrate that. And it's just con. I'm seeing that every day. It's somewhere in my home where I can see that powerful because in all my decisions are continually just looking through that next thing next time I need to go make a business decision here or you know what I'm going to do for this trip or invest this money or this where I'm gonna eat, what I'm gonna do for the weekend. You know, I'm just looking how does it line up with that? How is my life continue to be in alignment with that and it's powerful. And then you know we've even got them for. I'll show you one more just to give you an example because some of you, this is like a little bonus. Some of you will have businesses so you have, you have your personal values and then you've also got. I'll show you a couple ways here. So if I look at share my screen. So Jacob and I worked through a couple weeks ago just after a year and a half we were like understanding how are we operate. We just have all of our values laid out and we did this one even at another level. So so it have just like the definition how we live this daily what it looks like when we aren't living this. So I know when I am or am not how it feels for others to experience God. Biblical verses to back it up for us having people's backs serve people. Verse please. We just got them. We got laid out a 21 page document on Our values. And then we even put it over here. We have like that in depth. And then each day we got it here as well. We can see it, main statement, a verse next to it, and it's in our field. And then look at even other stuff like how we prime it. We have our goal statements. Jacob and I read our goals out loud to each other each day and then we'll visualize this and we're talking about them. And so it's like we live this stuff. When it's in your visual field and you're referring to it every day, you're priming your consciousness. You start to look through that lens of what's important to me and it's there. So that's values. You'll. You start to ask what's really important to me and see what comes up immediately, what you want to say. And it's okay, you can, you can see. And then to find the truth, you're going to look in these areas to see what's really important. Where I've really been spending, investing my money, my time, my energy, where my relationships, what I have, don't have what's on my calendar. And it exposes the truth. And then when you tell the truth about what's really been there. Ah, okay. Then there's no more split in my subconscious. There's no more split going on. I've told the truth about what's happening now that I've told the truth about what's happening. What do I want to have happen now? Now that I'm here and I've seen it and I've seen what it's given my life? Where am I going from here now? And what actions do I need to take? The lever movers now? What actions do I need to take to get in a step with those, to get in alignment with those. But remember, we first have to acknowledge the truth of what's there. You first have to tell the truth. Telling the truth is always the bare minimum. It's the starting point before you move forward. Because otherwise there's just a split, There's a divide. So always tell the truth. To close the gap. We look, we take an honest assessment. We say, okay, this is what it's been giving me. This is the impact. This is the. And then I'm. And then I'm moving forward. And now I'm focusing on what I'm going to create. And I'm looking at what are the actions I need to do and to hold myself accountable, to have other people hold us accountable. Jacob And I hold each other accountable and do our business values. So that's it. That's values today. It's pretty, pretty quick one to create in language and then we'll open up. I want to see what's. What's. Let's see. What a question to guide this. Actually I just let. Just let it naturally go. Tell me what you see inside of values in your life. What's come up? What you're challenged by Kaylin first because I haven't heard from you. Got your message today. Hello?

[34:10] Speaker C: Can you hear me okay?

[34:12] Speaker A: Yep.

[34:13] Speaker C: Okay. So what I'm realizing the. The main thing, I feel like I could tell where it was going in the beginning when you're like what do you value? And I was like, I clearly don't value anything because I knew like, do I have evidence to back up that I want to value self care? But what am I doing to take care of myself consistently? Not much. Anyways. I'm realizing I value my phone way too much because I'm always having it with me. I'm always checking it. I'm spending like eight hours a day on screen time. I've done a few things too prevent that thus far by getting apps to literally restrict me because I can't help myself. I can help myself. Anyways, what else? It's really hard to go without guidance because I'm like, I don't know what to share.

[35:11] Speaker A: There's nothing that. Yeah, that's. That's perfect. It's just. You're getting out. You're seeing that. You're looking at the truth of. Of your life. You see you seeing like that's it. Just telling the truth in a communal setting. That's the power of community is like, okay. I say I've. I say that this is important and it's not okay. I see. I'm full of. We're. We're. It's the human condition and there's power in ac. It's acknowledging it to ourselves, acknowledging it to people in our life. Especially if we haven't had people in our lives. This is what the community is for. To community. To be held accountable, to be seen. To see. See other people that go through the same thing, to normalize it. It's like, oh, and then we rise up together. We step up out of those behavior patterns. We hold each other accountable. We don't accept people. We love people as they are. We don't accept them in that. When they know it's not serving. Serving their best. When they know it not what. Not what I say potentially. But when they know, hey, that's it, then we're there to. Okay, then what are we doing? How are we moving this forward? So that's it. It's just getting in here. There's. That's perfect. All right, great. Kenya. Okay, so values.

[36:32] Speaker B: I always thinking that values, it's like authentic out to be authentic. And they have names. And you just show me that you can write like sentence and what it's valued for you, for me.

[36:47] Speaker A: So I have. My values are like one word. So they can be like a phrase. Like the values in our business, God centered, having people's back, serving people versus pleasing them. Play all out. Integrity, get done, hold each other accountable. Lean not on your understanding. And then so that's like. It's an energy, it's a value. I know what having people's back is like. It's a value that was transmitted over my mentor. And we design, check it out, we design metamorphosis from this intention of having people's backs. How do we do? It was like, well, you know, we're going to do five to six days a week, meeting calls. We're going to offer higher levels of support when we get on here. We're going to fucking give people the depth and answer questions that they've never been met in that depth before. And we, we live that value. There's, there's ways that that value shows up. And I can tell you all sorts of ways that it shows up. Serving people versus pleasing them. I can tell you what that looks like in action. I gotta first declare it and then I gotta, I gotta ask myself, how would that look in reality? What would I be doing or not doing saying or not saying to have it come to life.

[38:06] Speaker B: Okay, so it sounds for me like kind of like boundaries too. So the boundaries can.

[38:13] Speaker A: I mean, kind of boundaries of this. This is good. I'm going to read you what boundaries are. I got a really great way. I wrote it out. Boundaries of this ready for everybody. Boundaries are, I choose to give myself what I need so that I can show up as my best for myself and others. When I'm at my best, I can also receive the gift that others and life has to offer. Boundaries allow me to experience the joy and pleasures life has to offer while also creating harmony with the self care that is needed to sustain my vitality energy. Boundaries are like the oxygen mask on a plane. We must put our oxygen mask on first before we can truly serve others in life in an effective way. Boundaries are about standing for what you need without getting lost in the interactions and expectations of others. Boundaries are. I give myself the rest that I need so that I can always be the greatest version of myself in the presence of other people. And I always have the ability to receive the gifts that other people are demonstrating to me in full awareness or consciousness. Boundaries are really about making sure that a life of desire is balanced with the importance of self care. Boundaries is always about advocating for what I need and not getting lost in my interactions and expectations of others. That's boundaries. Values are a little different. They're distinct. So just focus on what's, what's important to you.

[39:42] Speaker B: My kids.

[39:43] Speaker A: Okay, got it. Yes. Your kids.

[39:48] Speaker B: Yes.

[39:49] Speaker A: Okay, what about it? How does that show up? How. How will I know that your kids are really important to you?

[40:08] Speaker B: That I'm spending time with them, they're caring. No case take caring them. It's my responsibility. Like spend time with them, play with them.

[40:22] Speaker A: Notice how something you said in your speaking. You said taking care of them is my responsibility. No, it's not. Do you know you're not inherently responsible for anything? Listen to what I'm saying. Slow down. You're not inherently responsible for anything in life. You have to choose to take responsibility. It's a choice. Just because they're kids, you could. Because you can give them up for adoption. They're not yours to take. You don't have to. You choose to. And so it's not out of obligation that we ever want to do anything. We want to do it out of choice. We always remove. And there was just a little bit of. In your speaking that like, oh yeah, I'm just like, I, I just love, you know, I'm. My kids are important and this is how it looks. I nourish them. I invest time with them each day. Going for walks in nature, reading them books or cooking them.

[41:24] Speaker B: All my Internet.

[41:25] Speaker A: Yes. Or I'm. I'm there to listen to their emotions and check in and their emotional state each day. Your Internet's frozen. So anyways, I'm going to move on some stable Internet. But you just, you, you start to profess and declare what it's going to look like that I, that I'm demonstrating that my, I'm. My kids are value. I would say it in a different way that, that nurturing, leading, shepherding, raising my kids is a value.

[42:04] Speaker B: Okay.

[42:05] Speaker A: Kids are human beings.

[42:08] Speaker B: Okay? So for. Okay, so let's question. For example, for me, it is so important to teach them meditation, show them how to breathe, do the breathing. When my son has some Stress and everything is this can be a value.

[42:25] Speaker A: So at a high level, I would say the value is you wanna. You wanna love and nurture your children. Something like, something, you know, I wanna love and nurture my children. I wanna be a good shepherd for my children. Whatever it is, like a phrase. And then there's all the ways in which you would. That that would come to life. So I teach the meditation. I make sure that they're eating quality food. I make sure that they feel heard and seen each day. You know, I could. I'm not even a parent. I could list off a hundred, write them all out, but the main theme is you want to love and nurture your children. Is that accurate? Yes.

[43:09] Speaker D: Great.

[43:09] Speaker A: So, right. I'm. I love loving and nurturing my children and then write out exhaust a list of things that this is how I do it each day.

[43:18] Speaker B: Okay, I got.

[43:19] Speaker A: And then you've got a whole list. And then you're going to ask yourself, am I. Am I living that this is because gonna. I can say one thing. Oh, I love and nurture my kids. So. Yeah, show me, show me.

[43:34] Speaker B: Okay. I already know that I'm not doing this. Yes.

[43:37] Speaker A: Great. There you go. Give. Write that out. That will. Wow. Watch what happens. Your relationship with your kids. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Kira.

[43:52] Speaker E: I think I realized I was full of shit on day one of this program. But today I'm trying to frame things more positively, like what I want.

[44:06] Speaker A: Right.

[44:06] Speaker E: And what I have and see what's there already. And I can see that at least with some of the values that I have that I can articulate, I. I do them some of the time. And so I think what you're saying is this is about closing the gap and like fleshing out in a much more like, explicit, declarative way what that looks like in action in terms of like, in being to yourself and just like the world around you. So I guess because when I like look at a list of values, I want to tell myself I have all of these values. And I certainly would want to have like a long list of all of the things that I want the world to have. But I saw that your list was like, seemed manageable. I don't know if it was like 10 or 12 or something. It seems like we need to get specific enough, small enough. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if you have thoughts on like, how focused one should be when trying to eat this elephant.

[45:22] Speaker A: As much as you want to be. You know, I got I got the ones that are, seem more prevalent are the ones in my, and I'm doing in the business with Jacob. It's just because like this is where most of my energy is going. There's not a right or wrong. It's just like where you know, you look at what life you want to create. I got 12, I got 12 God centered having people's back serve people versus pleasing them. Play all out integrity, get done, hold each other accountable, lean out on your understanding, be responsible of your actions. Always be elevating good stewards of our time, money, energy and love leverage. And I got, I just, you know and I showed you the sheet, I, I sat down and looked at this past year and a half of what we've been building and who we've been being and what is the magic sauce that had this get, get, get created. How do I get more and more clearly articulating that? So hold on one second. How do I speak more to more and more to what it looks like and even as a powerful practice, what does it not look like you saw on the sheet? What does it not look like? Here's the other one that I, I use ChatGPT to help me, ask me questions to flush it out more. I, I over weeks to create that long 21 page document. Over weeks I was going back and forth answering tons of questions. I answered like 70 some questions at real depth and then I had ChatGPT help me organize it all so even tell you like how other people will feel when I'm living it, when they're in my presence and then I'm, I'm doing, I'm creating that world and so have fun with it. We're going to walk you through some, you're going to have an exercise that we've, we've gotten that will help you declare that so you don't have to go. You're not going to have to think about it too much. It's going to walk you through doing it. That's why we, that's why we have it here.

[47:14] Speaker E: Can you share what you what how you treat yourself when you realize you're not meeting the mark as you're in process?

[47:26] Speaker A: I treat myself as Jesus treated other people with grace. That was his whole life was about walking with the lepers and the sinners and the prostitutes and the people and just like loving them unconditionally loving them. But that doesn't calling them forward because he also yeah, a lot of people twist and distort. Yes. Did he love people and Jesus Was not. He was not a nice guy. He was not a people pleaser. He called people forward. Get up out of the ways you're living. Come. And so with me, it's like I don't condemn myself. I don't judge, criticize, shame, guilt trip. I see that that's part of my humanity. And that's old conditioned stuff of the world and pain. And so if I see it, I let it go. And then I have endless grace with myself. And I have brothers and sisters around me that call me forward and encourage me to rise up. But I notice any part the dev. The devil just air thinking you use the word devil, it's like for me, it's just like that's buying into that. I'm shameful, I'm bad, I'm wrong, I'm guilty, I'm this. And I stop swimming in that game. I have to catch it. You have to become aware because there's a lot of. You have that old voice. And so it's like, oh, no, this has already been forgiven. This is what it means to be human. I'm gonna miss the mark over and over and over and over again. Even Michael Jordan, the best basket player in the world. You're not going to make 100% of the shots that you take. And it's just getting that. Not as a way to let myself off the hook and continue to live in the sin or to miss the mark and live in shame and guilt. Not as a way to justify living in that, as a way to say it. It is going to happen at times and I'm not going to dramatize and make a big deal out of it. I'm gonna get back on to what I'm creating. That's another thing. I got that phrase. My mentor would always say when I would. I had a real hard thing about judging and condemning myself. A lot of shame that I carried for many decades. And he would just really just normalize every time. He'd say, dude, you know, whenever you're ready to stop dramatizing it, you know, you can. It just. And it, it pissed me off at times that I just tell people that now it's like, you know, I'll let people have their breakdowns and meltdowns and this. Okay, great. When, when you're ready to stop dramatizing it now we can, we can, we can move forward and you can just take out all the, ah, just get like, no, this is life. Everyone goes through it. So how much you dramatize it will also how much it'll keep you in it. The more you make in it, the more you make it of a deal, the more of a deal it'll be. You know, you little kids, you like. I was just at home with my brother. You know, baptism had all my nieces and I came outside with my mom, my brother sitting in the driveway. My little niece is like running across the driveway and she like fucking hits it scrapes your knee and I just like, yeah, celebrating her or oh no, oh no, we know this. Kids will cry and I'll make more of a big deal if you make it a big deal. Right? Same thing with money. I remember I'd get in the solar industry and I would go get, I would help people like cut their utility bill in half in California. People spending $600 a month on electricity. I can get their bill down to $300, but it's like a 25 year deal. But it was like a really good savings for them over time. And they would teach us like not to make it a big deal about the 25 year agreement because if I make it a big deal then the customer makes it a big deal. All these ways the more of a deal you make it, the more of a deal it'll be. So I just remove all the drama about it. Just get, ah, is Michael Jordan start crying because he misses a free throw. You know Kobe Bryant, LeBron James today. You know the people, oh no, no, hey, that's part of it. They get back on their game quicker. You learn to get back on your game and get off the drama party, the better life will be. And now when you hear this conversation, you'll see it. When you want to dramatize and look for that part of you that tries to go enroll anybody else in your drama just sucks. This sucks up energy and life force. You're just like, oh, we did that. We've done that in the past. We've made ourselves wrong. We've wallowed and indulged in it. But that is the very thing that we've been warned about being in. You got to get out of that. That's being addicted to our emotions, addicted to our shame and our suffering. As my mentor would say, some people have gotten so good at suffering, they don't even need pain. No. Just see it and we keep moving back on the game.

[52:28] Speaker E: Thank you.

[52:29] Speaker A: You're welcome. Linka.

[52:34] Speaker F: I have a question. So when you were speaking about the values, I could think new values that are clear to me that I, I think I'm, that I know I'm Living as well. But there was one that I'm definitely not living yet. It's important, and that's creativity. So actually, a question, first of all, is like, would you even consider creativity of a value? Or would you say, yeah, because it's all very general. I was trying to narrow it down while. While I was thinking, like, what is it exactly that. I mean. And I guess, yeah, the. The only example of something very creative right now, I think, in my life is this program. Right. Because I hope that we all here are creating something and that I'm creating something myself as well, at least, like a new identity, if anything else. But when it comes to the other areas of my life, even at work, you know, there's not as much of it, and there's definitely something that is lacking.

[53:43] Speaker A: And.

[53:45] Speaker F: Yeah, just wanted to share that and.

[53:47] Speaker A: Like, admit that you have always. You have opportunities all day long to create. You know, you can. There's a distinction. I'll share with y'all. This is a. I'll share it. So there's a distinction between creating versus consuming. When you're consuming life, you're left with the qualities of, like, gratification, or I'm trying to get some sense of relief or distraction. And then when I'm creating life, I'm left with qualities of satisfaction, joy, self expression, vitality. And so, you know, you can get off work and you can come home from work from a long day, and you can just sit down and you can scarf down a meal and turn on Netflix. All right, you can have. You can have, like, you can have a steak in there and just like, quickly cook it. Chop down Netflix and just. It's just the. Is the c. It's just the normal thing. Or, you know, you can get off work and you say, hey, you have a friend nearby, and I'd love to invite you over and I'd love to just, you know, play this new game or I'd like to open up some of these questions from this card game I got, and I want to cook you these steaks and. And then I'd love to sit down and watch this new documentary and reflect on it together. Same food, same show, totally different context. One I'm creating and the other one I'm consuming, and I could come home from work one day and I, you know, maybe you like wine. I don't drink, but say there's a glass of wine and you could come home and I'm going to. I'm going to grab that glass of wine and I'm going to Drink it. Because I just need a relief. It's been a tough day. Or I could say, you know what? I get this really nice 20 year bottle of wine and I want to invite my neighbor over and I just want to enjoy that. And maybe we're going to like write a co, write a song together. We're going to do something and we're going to enjoy it. In the conversation I'm creating with it, there's a creation versus taking it from a sense of relief where I'm consuming it. You're always creating or consuming. You don't need some big business venture, whatever. You all day, you have opportunities to create you. I create people left and right. Creating people in the sense that like I might have a conversation with them and speak life into them in certain ways and give them reflections of things they can't even see. Creating them, creating possibilities. I can tell you there's hundreds of ways possible. So you're always consuming or creating. And it's just like starting to see that in all of my actions, where am I coming from? Am I consuming life or am I creating it? Yeah.

[56:41] Speaker F: Thank you. I, I, I, I understand that a lot of it is also related to connection with other people and that those moments are probably more creative by, by default.

[56:53] Speaker A: You don't know. No, no, there's people go, some of the best creations have been done in isolation as well. You know, Henry David Thoreau would go out into the woods and like, you know, this Jane Goodall lived with apes for 40 years or something like that. I mean, don't, don't go to that. No, it's just everywhere, all the time. You could be creating. Awesome. Catherine.

[57:29] Speaker G: Sometimes I struggle to really like, acknowledge when I'm embodying something. So for example, my, my boyfriend reflected to me the other day, he was like, I just want to say, like, I think that you're so generous and I really value that about you. And I, I do consider generosity is like one of my values, but it's like this part of me just really struggles to like fully claim that I'm embodying it. Even if I'm receiving reflections from someone else that like, that's something I embody. So how would you, what, what advice would you give to really, like fully feel incongruent with it in my life, like fully in myself.

[58:13] Speaker A: So what, what I'm hearing is that you're having trouble receiving somebody, complimenting or acknowledging you for something.

[58:22] Speaker G: Yeah, it's, it's almost like I have a blind spot. It's like oh, okay. I didn't know you saw it in that way. I'm just doing me, and it's like I just can't assimilate that into the way that I see myself.

[58:35] Speaker A: So what do you want to have happen that's not happening?

[58:39] Speaker G: I want to be able to fully claim, like, yeah, I am generous, but.

[58:43] Speaker A: It'S like they just did it. You just did it. Can you just say it?

[58:47] Speaker G: I'm generous.

[58:48] Speaker A: Okay.

[58:51] Speaker G: Yeah. And then there's like, this part of me. It's like, what about this time?

[58:56] Speaker A: So. So what about what time? When were you not generous?

[59:02] Speaker G: I wanted to pay more for a counseling session that I was having, but. And I had the impulse I wanted to, but then I didn't because I was thinking about my bank account.

[59:12] Speaker A: Okay, when was that?

[59:15] Speaker G: That was like, today.

[59:17] Speaker A: Okay, good. It. So what if. What if you just did it anyways?

[59:25] Speaker G: Yeah.

[59:27] Speaker A: No, not just. Yeah, I want.

[59:31] Speaker G: I really wanted to, but then I was thinking about my dad and stuff, and so I just stopped that impulse.

[59:39] Speaker A: So what if you just went back and did it? Okay.

[59:44] Speaker G: I see her every week, so I can. I can do that. And then I started to. I also started to think of like.

[59:52] Speaker A: No, no, no, no, no, you're not. You're not. See, this. This is where you're not in body. You're trying to go. There's still more you don't see, because when you're. It's our natural to be generous, and it's inside of the act of being generous and learning to being giving and charitable and of service that really alters our life, alters our financial situation, our relationship to money, our. Our heart. I mean, God does a number in our heart. This has been. I think I shared with you all. I used AI a couple years ago to just look at all the top 25 principles for living across all the ancient texts. Religious. I still have that document somewhere. And being of service, charitable, generous, was. Was one of the common themes across. All spoken of. It's been spoken about for thousands of years. All these people were figuring out the same thing. It was. You could say it was just like that's when people felt connected to God and elevated their life when they're being general. Charles. And just imagine that you just block that and you notice that you. You, You. You do it out of fear or scarcity or this versus like, oh, that's my natural voice. And then. Then. Then guess what? Then you're not at peace with yourself.

[61:14] Speaker G: Yeah.

[61:15] Speaker A: And then, oh, I'm not generous. I'm going against that natural part of me that wanted to be generous. And I block it. And then I'm at war with myself. And I don't see myself as this, or maybe I'm shame or I'm wrong, or I'm not this. And so what if you just go. You just go do that, and then next. Next time it naturally comes to you. You. You recognize that you're on God's payroll and that none of this money is yours anyways, and you start learning to be generous. You start being it. Not just. It's like it's you being it. That's why maybe he's saying it to you. Well, maybe you weren't being it. He's. Maybe he sees it in the context of just you and him. But then, you know, you're not being it out there, maybe because he's feeding you or you're getting something from it. So you're incentivized here. But what if you go do it to somebody that has nothing to offer you?

[62:11] Speaker G: I feel like, as well, I've been measuring generosity in my mind as, like, it's only to deal with how much like money and not thinking about the other ways that I exhibit the value of generosity, like, just in other ways, like helping other people and do, like, acts of service and stuff. So I feel like I've been limiting the ways in which I can see how I could embody that value.

[62:36] Speaker A: Money is a good one, though. Yeah, money is. There's like. I got hung up on. You know, I really wanted to understand tithing from a biblical standpoint because, you know, there's ha. There's. There's very great biblical pastors and scholars will tell you It's a 10%. And some will say, no, that's not spoken. It's not. It's not meant that way. And then as I looked, because I've gone down this road because again, I've shared with people my biggest character defect in my life that I had to undo through the process you guys are going through was seeing how greedy I was. I was very greedy and manipulative around money and mind and survival. And when I saw that, I became very giving because I saw the light. The lights came on. I was like, I just want to be giving. I want to pour my heart into people and share. And it was in that process that, I mean, it's like it started to purify my heart. And then as I saw, it's like, okay, tithing. I give a lot of my time to people, shepherding, mentoring people. Giving things away free. And I know that that's a, I have a gift, I have a skill. I know that's, that's more than money, you know, to most people. And, and then I utilize and then I say, oh, you know what for my edge has been learning to give money away too because it's, it's a different way of. There's, you can tithe, contribute our resources, our time, our energy, our gifts, our money. There's all sorts and they all have their own ways of transforming us. And it's the reason this has been written about. A lot of people have their shit. I mean, I did too, like, oh, that the, the church just says that because they want. Well, yeah, I mean a church operates from the donations and it's, it's a transformational experience to give our money and our support. My parents tell me my parents came from deep poverty. My mom never graduated high school. My stepdad didn't have a college degree. You know, they came up, we had six, six of us in a two bedroom house. Four kids in a bedroom. One. My parents are now have made it for themselves being good stewards of money. They tithe religiously, they tithe and they'll tell, and they'll tell us because we give of our money, we give of our heart. They give of their hearts volunteering, they give of their money. And my parent, I get goosebumps. They've been blessed beyond belief. So it's, it's, it's. Can the, can your mind go beyond all of the scarcity and lack. And it's inside of that, that it purifies you, right? Because you say, oh, what I'm doing is, I'm saying I trust in God. I'm saying that I trust in God's. I'm on God's payroll. So it's not just, just people think. It's, it's, it's so multi dimensional when you give that extra money or your time. So multi dimensional. It's an act of faith, right? And so yeah, let that be, let that be a value. Write all the ways down in which you can start to become more generous. Watch what happens in your life. I can tell, I can tell you a reason. I know the, Judith was helping me with this last year because I give, give, give, give, give, give, give. Almost to a fault. And Judith was telling me, he's like Jeremiah, it's, it's, you're in the season now. You got to learn to receive. Because the unit, it's the law of the universe. Like God is You. And so it's like I watch it as I'm just learning in my own life to allow myself to receive. But I've been such a giver and so much has multiplied in my life and I'm still learning. Right. There's levels to this, there's levels to the trust and faith. And so yeah my encourage you is go call her back. Go back. See if you. It's an act. It's. Remember, it's not just about that. It's an act of faith. It's an act of faith and that faith washes away all that. But what about me? I said what am I? And it's like, okay, good, here you go. Because the natural part of you was giving and generous and charitable. That to me is our natural. When you're a kid, you'll oftentimes you don't want to share. I want to give you a hug and I want to give you my candy and I want to try a bite of this. And then the world comes in me my scarcity, lack fear. This is Jesus said the, the child of God will enter into the kingdom of heaven before you. And when there's a childlike, humble, playful, just you get it. But when we come all crusty and hard and ah. And then we're not, we're living, we're just living outside of the kingdom of heaven. That's for everyone, not just Kat.

[67:22] Speaker G: Thank you.

[67:23] Speaker A: You're welcome, Audrey.

[67:29] Speaker H: So I, I kind of answer or answered this question in my head but I guess I'll just voice what's in my head still to see if you can reflect anything back. But where do our values like tie in with our relationship with people? Because I'll just give like an example.

[67:52] Speaker A: Yeah. Is my wife.

[67:55] Speaker H: Am I breaking up?

[67:56] Speaker A: It's a little bit. It's fine, keep going. It's Costa Rica.

[68:00] Speaker H: An example.

[68:02] Speaker A: Yeah.

[68:02] Speaker H: I'm like I have WI fi but it's like it sucks.

[68:05] Speaker I: Okay.

[68:08] Speaker H: Like an example yesterday as I've been like doing this work here and like my relationship with money is changing. My relationship with God is changing a lot. And I hung out with this girl that I never met yesterday. We just like spent the day together and I noticed like how triggered I was getting with her language about like just lack, just pure lack. Every. Everywhere that we went she's like this is so expensive and like just that's all she was talking about was like money and like the lack thereof. And I like I couldn't stand it and I felt like I was being judgmental for Feeling that, I guess, or like, I guess my preferences on people are just getting way more slim. Or if, like, that's just a value of mine that's changing. Is this making sense? I don't really.

[68:55] Speaker A: Yeah, so. So I go, I've been going through this for the past couple years, and I. How do I want to share this? Have to watch for the way the mind will want to perceive that we're better than. Than the other.

[69:16] Speaker H: That's exactly what it is. I've been on this, like, you know, this like the retreat I went to. I'm like, why do I feel like I'm so above these girls that, like, don't know as much as me? I'm like, I had to, like. I kept having these judgmental thoughts.

[69:27] Speaker A: So.

[69:27] Speaker H: Yeah, sorry, go on.

[69:29] Speaker A: So you gotta. We gotta watch that. And, And I've. I've been pulling this apart in my own psychology for years because I believe that there's, There's. You'll hear, even the most godly, successful, peaceful people will tell you, you know, like, your. Your circle is important and who you allow into your. Into your field, like, that's pretty well known around the world, all cultures and. And at the same time, it's like, I also look at it like the model for me. I look at the model of Jesus who sat with the tax collectors. And the pro. Tax collectors were considered the scum of the earth back then. And he sat with the prostitutes and he had compassion for these people. And he. He's like, well, these people need it way more than the. The people over here. He's like, that's why he was with him. And he was a really enlightened being. You know, he could. He could be with those people and he could. He saw the world in a completely different way. So he was less unencumbered and influenced and impacted by them. It was the other way around. His light was burning so bright that his candle could light those other ones. Eckhart Tolle talks about this in the Power of Now, that if you're around very unconscious people, you have to be careful because it'll drag you into. It can drag you to unconsciousness if you're not fully, fully present. And so I've reflected on this. I've been reflecting again for years. Pretty much every day I think about this at some level. And it's like, okay, how do I discern on who I let in and not let in in my life? And I remind myself that I'm just gonna. There's no definitive. I'm just gonna share how I work it out. This can support everyone. There is no definitive answer, but I see that I wouldn't be where I'm at if I didn't have the people like my former mentor Anurag and Judith who were with me and some people that stood by me in my darkest. So that that keeps me patient and compassionate. It doesn't mean I sit around and tolerate everything. It doesn't mean I go hang out all days like I'm not Jesus. I would love to be. I would love to reach that level, like, just to be able to be so loving, compassionate, handle it all. But I'm human. Like, I got my limitations on what I can, I can hold. And so for me, it's like how I've discerned it at this point in my life is like, I hold a lot of energy for people, people that will project onto me, make me wrong. I'll continue to practice forgiving them, open over and over again and being there for them, for people that I know that want to better their lives, right? The disciples and the apostles, they wanted to better their lives. I know my mentors were around Judith and Anurag for me because they saw me wanting to better my life. And so for me, when I see that people generally have that sense of wanting, I will give of myself when I don't see that changing. And when it's like my mentor would call the coaching pit, where people just want all the coaching, but then they don't change their life or do anything with it. I distance myself because I want to be able to redirect my energy to people have it now and then I look for just the human nature where what I saw when I was judging, when I had that part that I'm better than thou, I have to still look for it. That's just human nature. We want to be better or superior. We're condition and culture and hierarchies and management structures. That's just something that's the nature of being human. We have to look for that and rid ourselves of that. But when I see any of that, I always just try to remind myself of where I've come from. And always out of recognition, not judgment. The reason I can be so direct and just call people forward and I can say is because I've lived it. I've already been that. And I can just call people forward in a healthy way. I don't need to make them wrong. I got to look for that part of myself that wants to make them wrong. And I Remember this great quote? I think it's from Matthew 5 or 7 somewhere in there, my fifth grade teacher told me, as a fifth grader, because I was always like, why isn't that person getting in trouble? Why is it me? And this. And there's this quote in the Bible, you know, paraphrasing here, it's like, why point out the speck in your brother's eye when there's a log in your own? And it's forever stuck with me since I was in fifth grade. Why point out the speck in your brother eye when there's a log in your own? And so anytime I see my judgmental mind, I just. I don't go pull it apart and dwell on it and be negative. No. Oh, there it is again. Come back to look at my life and how I can become more loving, more compassionate, more like Christ. And I just reorientate my. This is why I believe it's important to know what you're devoted to. I just reorientate myself back. How can I be more loving? How can I be more like Christ in this situation? And I keep training my consciousness. And that's a fucking process for life. It's a process for life. You know, he talks about in the Bible, you know, forgiving people. Not seven times, 70 times seven. He was making an exaggeration forever. Keep people hurt, you keep people wrong, you keep forgiving. Keep forgiving. Keep forgiving. People judge and complain. You know what? I keep forgiving. I remember where they're at. I was there. Doesn't mean I won't. Doesn't mean I won't speak up, reflect back to him, call them forward. I have to also understand the context of the relationship I'm in. If there's an opening, I gotta look. You know, I become masterful at communicating and how to be a magician and wake people up through language. You know, this is why I love language so much, because it doesn't matter where I'm at. I'll. I have clever ways and language to help people see things, whether they've known me for five minutes or five years. And so it's just like. But the thing is, I want. I personally want to move to a space in my life where I'm unfuckable with like, I stop letting all of that dictate my peace, my inner state, because it's nothing about them. That's all about me. That's just the weather of that person. And I gotta get that if I'm here to hold a lot of space and make a lot of impact. I want to be able to step into the presence of those people and have shit disappear. That's my game. I want to. I want to create environments and spaces where people just wake up from that nonsense and rapid speed and so that's not. It's not a game. And I gotta also get that some people don't. They're just gonna resist that and they're not ready for that. That's okay too. But I don't make them wrong. Some people like basketball, some people like baseball. It's not good, bad, right or wrong. So I just hit it from a few different angles. It's not giving an answer, but it's like way. It's frames in which you're looking and how you're relating to and remembering you've been there. You've done it. Like my mentor always says, like, anytime I. He's like, always look for where I've. I've done what they're doing at some level. And I just remember, okay, I've done that out of many. Out of recognition, not judgment. I've been that before. Okay. Yeah, it just opens up compassion in my heart. I just get. That's the human condition. They're going through it. That's the weather of that person right now. And then I, you know, I speak up or I let it. I just lovingly endure it, or I speak up or remove myself, but all else is madness. I'm not better than them. This, this is. I'm just over here playing baseball, they're playing basketball, you know, not good, bad, right or wrong. Not everybody wants to walk a path of personal development. Just because you're on a path of personal development also doesn't mean that your path is better. You know, I, I would. Here's another good one. He would say to me, you know, he'd hear these people talk about, oh, these people are conscious and they're not. He's like, okay, well, you know, in a zombie apocalypse, would you want the person in Alabama that lives in the trailer park that has weapons to be on your side?

[77:13] Speaker C: Or.

[77:14] Speaker A: Or would you want the. The conscious person over here sitting in the meditation retreat? Who's to say any path is better than anything? How do we know what's better or not? And so I just. I have all of those frames and I just remind myself, and anytime I see that judgmental mind that's sinning, that's missing the mark and it's creating separation, how do I come back to being like Christ? How do I come Back. You know, this is why I believe that show is really important. Whether. Whether you, you're you, doesn't matter what you believe about the Bible, that, that show, the. The chosen is powerful for a visual representation of what I'm talking about. It'll move you to tears. And when you see that play out in human beings, what it is really like to just be there and have a model, what it is to, like, keep being compassionate, to just see the humanity in a person over and over again, it changes you. It changes you at another level. So, yeah, right. It's like the whole. The. You guys might. Some of you might be too young. There was this whole movement for a long time that had these bracelets that people wore that said wwjd. I didn't really. I was too young. I mean, I was young and I got. It was like a fad, but, like, I get it now. And it was just, what would Jesus do? I just ask yourself, what. What would Jesus do? Like, that was the model of his life. What would he do in this instance? Oh, okay. He would just give that person a hug or just pull them aside, say, hey, you know what? I realize you're. I realize that when I'm with you, can I share an experience of you? And they say, yeah, okay, good. I just have this experience that I hear you saying a lot of negative remarks, and I'm just wanting to know, are you okay? And I'm wondering if you might be willing to meet me in this conversation and play a game with me where just today you're not going to be negative. You know, but I have to, I have to step into another state of consciousness. Otherwise I'm over here making it wrong that it shouldn't be that way. It's, It's. It's exactly the way it needs to be. That's what I got. Does that help?

[79:20] Speaker H: That was a fire response, like, mic drop.

[79:23] Speaker A: Great. I feel I got more energy now. I'm back in. I'm in Austin, Texas. Jacob and I were talking about the humidity down in Costa Rica. I mean, I was lit up down there too, but, man, it was getting hot. I could just. Like, I got back here. And I feel like my, like my. Some doc. Some research scientists that I were working with a few years ago told me that, like, you know, the, the climates will hit you more than, you know, I'm more energetically sensitive and holding space. Like, I'm starting to see what climates where I feel even more clear. And we just got. We got clear for ourselves that Costa Rica is not the jam for. For that in the heat.

[80:01] Speaker H: So anyway, yeah, long, long term, there's no way. But I definitely thrive in this. But I have to drink a ton of juices. Coconut water, like, constantly, all day long. Like, I can't just do water. But yeah.

[80:13] Speaker A: Thank you. Welcome. Okay, Emily. And then Gina.

[80:21] Speaker J: Okay. So something that came up in the beginning when you were talking about your values. I was just thinking about how having people's back is one of my values. And it just, like, brought up this relationship I have with one of my best friends. And it's been very complicated and challenging. And there's moments where she's, like, talked about me behind my back publicly, which makes me feel like it probably happens not publicly as well. But then I, like, reflect back on that and I realize that I tell my friends what she's doing and talk about her behind her back because I'm reflecting on it. But then I'm also doing exactly what she's doing. But maybe not on the Internet. But I guess I just wanted to, like, bring that up as, like, a reflection. And then also, like, what you were just talking about kind of related to it, because I was like, maybe I just need to have more compassion for her. Because then I'm also like, I don't know. Like, sometimes it makes me feel like I shouldn't be friends with her. But then I'm like, but I love her. But then I'm like, I'm also doing that. And then maybe I need to have more compassion with myself. And then it's just like this, like, overwhelming thought. Vomit.

[81:41] Speaker A: Yeah, that's. Hey, it's right there. The first acknowledgment is like, hey, you're doing, you know, you're feeding that game. And the game only exists if you continue to play it, you know, because if you see that over time and you're done doing it, well, you first, you're able to just own. Maybe it's owning with her in a conversation. Hey, well, one, you say this is my. I say this is my value, but I'm not living it. Having someone's back is not talking about them behind their back in a negative way. Right. Or, you know, it's like a conversation you're not willing to have with them in person. And so, you know, being able to complete that with them and letting them. Letting yourself be in conversation with them, you know, acknowledging, hey, I recognize that this has been going on. You know, I've been being this way. I've. I've heard and noticed you have as well. And, and what I want to do is create a space where we can get, we can get what's underneath that. Something along that lines. Like you're, you're presencing it and you, you look and see if you're gonna, if you start to embody having people's back and not gossiping and not playing into all that and you start living that, then you'll, you'll naturally start to attract people that meet you there. Like, I just couldn't, I couldn't imagine at this stage in my life even. It's not even. It's like I used to be in relationships like that and friendships and people and situations. Like, it's just not even a thought that I would even think about that existing anymore, you know, so you. But, but, but it's because I've gone so long at flushing out gossip and flushing out those type of things and not living in those states, living on. Like, how can I be more compassionate, more loving, more direct more. And the more I am being that and aligned with those values, then I'm naturally going to be a match for that. I'm going to find and attune other people that are living that as well. But I first have to be it so that I can magnetize it. And so if you're not being it, then, you know, we always. The first thing we do is we, we clear up where we're not being that. We go own that. And when we own it, we oftentimes invite people into that possibility for themselves, meaning where they can see where they've been doing it and they can be called to a new standard. They might not want to, maybe they're grateful that you took responsibility for your part, but they're not interested in taking or they're going to continue on. But then you just know is, you know, do I continue on in this relationship? But it starts with you, never the other person, always with you. And then you live it, and you live it, and then you, then you take an assessment. Is. Is what's in my life a match for that or not? And then I let go of everything that's not a match for that. I give people the opportunity to meet me there. I make my request, I call for it, I declare what I, how I want to be related to and what I want in my life. And I just tell people, if you're gonna, you know, if you're gonna be related to me, this is what I need. This is how I want to be related to. And if you're not up, I'm not up for being related to you. Just straight, Just straight and direct with people cuts through a lot of the noise. But first you know where you're at is you got to just, you own who you've been. You call forward what you, what you would like to create in relationship and you see if people are yes or no for that. And then you get, you get back on your game. Some people will be, some people are just not going to want to meet you there. And guess what? Especially when you're in these stages that a lot of you are in, a lot of people that aren't aligned will fall away. It can, it can, it can feel like you might be more alone in the short term, but in the long term it all, I mean there's an abundance of amazing connections and quality connections in your life. Yet when you start to go through this depth of work and you see who you've been being and the match, you know, all the masks and the lies and misalignment we've been living in, we, we've, we've got matches for that out here. And when we become more conscious and more liberated, more free, not everybody's ready to go along for that ride. Elevation requires separation. What got you, what got you here won't get you there. It requires a letting go of things that are not aligned. However, the more you let go of that which is not aligned, more of that which is aligned can come towards you. You become more magnetic. You're not pushing and grasping. I was reading this book, I just finished this book yesterday and just on my drive from Kansas City down here, I'm sharing with Jacob. He's going to start reading it. It's called how 10x is easier than 2x how to 10x your life for your business. And not necessarily quant. It's not about quantitative, but qualitative. So in the sense that he talks about, you know, if you have like the 20, the top 20% of the clients you work with or the 20% of the things and going on that giving you the most enjoyment, the most fun, the most value, and you look at all the 80%, that's not that. And it's a process of letting it go, of letting go of the identity of the person that created that. It's there and it's a continual refinement over time and doubling down on the 20%. Which means in the short term you might be, you might have less money or you might have less friends, but you know as that you hone in on that 20% that's brought the most, it will magnify and eventually it'll 10x what you had. But that's a process of refinement. And it's the same thing here in the personal development. You letting go of 80% of these behaviors, you might let go of 80% of the people you've been around. And to focus on the 20% that's really working, that you want to expand in your life. It's the Pareto's principle, you know, the 80, 20 rule. 20 of our efforts are creating, like, what is it, 80 of our results. So it's like, okay, you're doing it. Clean it up, stop doing it. Be what you want, you know, declare your value and what you're going to do to live it and then make the request, you know, live it and then invite people into living it with you or creating relationships that align with that and, and staying away from ones that don't. You know, even with Jacob and Camila, like in the culture they've created, you know, like we were down there in Costa Rica, it was like, you know, look, if people, if you're going to go out and go to the grocery store, whatever, it's like, check in with each other, make sure that you're asking, can I get you something? When you think about each other, you know, when it comes to money, you know, and you're like, hey, you're out in town, like, just buy it. We'll pay you back. Like, like my mentor got across to me. We're part of the it all evens out in the end club, you know, we'll take care of each other. It's not like me and mine not thinking about this. Creating an environment where people have each other's backs, living it like a tribe, like a real tribe, it takes creating that in language and conversation with people, inviting people into that, seeing who it resonates with, you know, and just like we just naturally didn't do that with each other. And I just don't have people in my life that I get close that are not going to play that way with me. I got to be clear about what my values. But I have to be it and live it and create it in language, call it forward, speak it into the space. Otherwise, I'm just expecting people to meet me and match me there. And then I'm resentful when I don't get what I want or I'm not being it. And so there's no way they're going to be it because they can see my hypocrisies. Whether they're conscious of it or not, human beings know and we're full of shit. That's what I got. Thanks, Gina.

[89:29] Speaker I: Okay. Thank you, coach. So can you speak into how to learn to receive more? Because now I'm thinking I get to like, declare that as more value. No.

[89:43] Speaker A: Yeah, but can I. Let's go back into value, because this is just getting off in the Q A. That's into you wanting to work something out. I want to hear what you're hearing inside of values.

[89:56] Speaker I: I'm hearing that I get to make receiving a core value that is not a core value. And so I'm wanting.

[90:09] Speaker A: What have you said is important? What have you been saying is important in your life?

[90:15] Speaker I: Health is important to me. My number one core value is growth and integrity, service, intimacy, freedom.

[90:35] Speaker A: Okay. And does your calendar and your bank account and what you have in your life and not have confirm all this?

[90:44] Speaker I: Correct. Except what's not aligned? Financial freedom. But, But I always. But I'm. I always get what I need exactly when I need it. And I'm. I'll always receive everything.

[90:58] Speaker A: There's no such thing as financial freedom because once you get freedom in finances, you've just destroyed it. You. Okay, Freedom outside of you.

[91:06] Speaker D: Correct.

[91:07] Speaker A: This is a freedom. Okay, so it's like, what do you. What do you want about the finances?

[91:15] Speaker I: So that would. I guess that would mean I'm looking at a certain level of control, like a number to make me feel free financially. Although. Although in my life, every time I need something, whatever it is that I need, like I just traveled for entire month I was in service. Everything was provided for me.

[91:40] Speaker A: So what. So what is the value around money?

[91:49] Speaker I: That's a great question.

[91:52] Speaker A: So remember what I said in the beginning? It's better to look where we're full of shit than to think that we know.

[91:58] Speaker I: Okay.

[92:00] Speaker A: And, and. And then look at the fallacies that I place my freedom in the finances. Financial freedom I love. You know, I. I think I was first hearing Preston really was the one who opened me up to that. And. Yeah, because anytime you place it, the freedom over there, then it's never here. It's only when I get that am I free. It's a lie. Oh, I thought I had to make millions of dollars before I'd ever feel safe, secure, and guess what? I'm. And then I did all sorts of things to manipulate. Because my. If my freedom is tied to that, I'm going to do whatever it is to get my freedom, my Freedom's here. My freedom's in God. I am free right now. The lie is it's over here. And so it's like you spouted off all these values, but the lawn born out, we're scrutinizing, scrutinizing them under a microscope. And so you see, it's like, what do I have there with money? What, what is, what do. I mean, how is money. How does it play into my values? How does money play into my values?

[93:13] Speaker I: Okay. You asking me?

[93:14] Speaker H: Oh, how does it.

[93:15] Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. How does it play? It's good for everybody to listen. How does it play into your values?

[93:25] Speaker I: Well, I would say. Okay, I would say that I'm not sure.

[93:38] Speaker A: Yes.

[93:41] Speaker I: I could, I could see. I could feel like the distortion, like there's something there. I just, I can't see it.

[93:47] Speaker A: But this is what I'm illuminating for everybody. Just can say it with the clarity and the precision, then your life can be evident of it. When we are clear on what these are to us, that our life will be a byproduct of that. But we're swimming in these fancy terms, financial freedom and this and that, but we can't just like spout it. So clearly I can tell you I want to be a good steward of my time, money and energy. Okay, Money comes in. I want to continue to be using money to elevate our impact in our organization, to invest in our health and well being, to be able to mentor and provide more pro bono work for people, to be able to invest in properties and places that we live around the world that have lots of natural light, that expand our creativity. Right. I want to make sure that every gift I have and resource I have that I'm being a good steward of it. I'm educating myself. I'm leveraging technology so that I can continue to pour back into the people I serve. I can go with you on and on, on why I want that money. But I'm just clear on it. I've got it defined. I know what, what, who I'm being. I know what it doesn't look like. I've got scriptures around it. I'm clear. And that's what we're getting at is like we want to be able to really drop in and reflect on what do these things really mean to us and how are they going to look and be demonstrated in our life. And that takes some reflection, it takes some scrutiny, it takes some challenging of what we've, what we've thought. What's just been there as an idea is that making sense?

[95:29] Speaker I: Yeah. And you know, it's interesting. Can you, can you hear me?

[95:35] Speaker A: Yeah.

[95:35] Speaker I: Okay. So, you know, I. Well, I used to be a stripper for 10 years, so I've noticed how money has influenced my. Just the way I related with men. I'm just really clear on how it impacts. But when you said that, one of the things I had this amazing partner and it was just great. And I. When you said that what like dropped in. It was like, it's almost like a level of unsafety that I have because I feel like he's not in a financial position where I want him to be. And it's like this, like this push and pull within, like fully surrendering to like the relationship, which I say is a core value, but it's like, it's like split energy.

[96:23] Speaker A: Yeah. This is the trap on the world of financial freedom. When you're placing energetically, subconsciously or consciously that your freedom is found in the finances, then you are going to keep seeking ways to feel free through people and money in the world versus here in your heart, mind, soul, God and your body. And the language is important. It's orientating our consciousness and our thoughts. And so I have to disentangle and see that I've been doing that. I'm trying to find salvation, peace through the world which has been warned about. Take it from me, I build multi million dollar business. I went financially bankrupt because I was in that disease. Jesus. Sixteen of the 39 parables were about money, wealth and stewardship. There's a reason I'm getting, and it wasn't so much about creating wealth, but how to not be broke. And so looking at all the ways that you have this stuff around money as a value and how it's been wrapped up and now how it gets projected onto the partner and. And him. It's not to say, look, it's a, it's a gift for a man to be a financial provider and to be, to be able to be that inside of explicit agreements, inside of explicit agreements, not inside of unsaid expectations and projections and fear and control and belittling. You know, I believe that's also why a lot of men, you know, end up killing themselves and having hard times because it's this big weight that they carry in society. And it's not spoken about versus like, hey, this is a teammate, this is an ally, this is a partnership. You're nurturing him, he's nurturing you, you nurture him, he provide whatever the dynamic is. But it's becoming more conscious and getting that ultimately he's not the source of being at peace and whole. And anytime you place that on him, that is a huge burden for anybody. That's the, that's the definition of codependency at its core, right? And so it's waking up. And this is a big initiation for a lot of women especially, you know, you've got, now you've got an extra case, right? You had 10 years like, you know, stripping. I had many years of chasing and manipulating and wrapping all of my worth and money in entrepreneurship. So it's taken me years to undo that, but it's also become one of my greatest gifts, you know, so you look where, wait, I've got all of these distortions that I've wrapped around money and now what I've, you know, and with women, it's usually one of the biggest initiations I see in women. You know, a lot of women were taken care of by their fathers, their family. And, you know, some women have been really indoctrinated into like chasing sugar daddies. And you got only fan. You have all these things, things. And, and there's an unhealthy dependency that's created. So they create the dependency and it's not spoken. It's like an expectation, it's an entitlement. I don't get what I want, then I project and I become resentful versus coming into like, you know, like conscious. You know, maybe you do want traditional roles and you also put. But inside of that you're also recognizing that you're, you're selfless sourcing here with God, your, your safety, your peace, you know, and not putting that out here. So just disidentifying that in language, disidentifying my freedom from the world of money or from my partner. I'm. I'm releasing all of those expectations and burden that I put on my partner. I'm owning it fully. Right. And I'm seeing my journey and where I need to come into right relationship with money as a value. What is my value around money? Maybe the value, maybe the values are going to become more money conscious or I'm going to become an ally. And I'm an ally with money. It's not the source of meeting free. It's an ally. It's an ally. It's a tool. And I gotta shift my language and how I'm relating to it. Is that landing, Gina?

[100:41] Speaker G: Yeah.

[100:42] Speaker A: So I gotta, I gotta, I gotta start there and then. Yeah, I'll pause there for now.

[100:49] Speaker I: I really like the. I'm gonna Become more conscious with money around money.

[100:56] Speaker A: Yeah. If you're gonna drive a car, what do you gotta. When you're gonna learn how to drive? What did you do?

[101:02] Speaker I: Well, I started at a really young age with no driving instructions, and I ran into the house.

[101:10] Speaker A: Yeah, well, consider you're doing the same thing with money. You keep running, you're doing the same thing. Maybe that's not. Maybe that's not a good example. So when you want to make food, what'd you had to do? You had to learn how to cook? Yeah, you gotta get it. It's just not. Is I made it more complicated. Let me say another way. I was really good at making money. I was great at making money. Yet keeping it, I was not. Because I had all of my impulsive and I had all my traumas and using money to gratify and validate myself and overspending and being careless with it. So it would just churn it. Because I hadn't learned about money. I hadn't learned about the relationship and the parables in the Bible and these things. And as I became money conscious, not only did I start making money more easily and keeping it more, more abundance coming towards me. Me, it's just like, it just got so much easier. But I had to become money conscious. You want to get better at cooking, you got to cook more. Want to get good at stripping, you got to practice stripping and dancing and choreography. You wanna, you wanna do anything in life and be good at it, you have to be conscious of it and learn it. So that's why, that's why we. You know, I tell people being financially broke is a choice. Living in scarcity and survival is a choice. How do we know there's people that come up out of the depths of poverty from slums in Africa and India and make it for themselves. There's a choice. It starts here. So if I want to make more of it and feel relaxed around it, not idolizing it, not worshiping it, not placing my freedom in it, I'm going to have to become conscious about it. I'm meaning I'm gonna have to fill my consciousness with it and learn how to relate with it, learn the language of it, learn how it moves. And I have to get just like I would do anything in life. And I stopped. But, but otherwise I'm over here in survival around it. I'm over here trying to dominate others or place expectations and make other people. It's like, that's a. That's a. That's a. And you guess what you're going to be in relationship with money the rest of your life. So I was telling you might want to, might, might want to become conscious of it at some point. We're going to do some work in here around it and we do, we do more, more in our follow on program as well. But it's like you're just seeing, okay, what is my real value? And then how do I start aligning with this value that I'm declaring. But I would, I would first and foremost take it out of the world of financial freedom and break it down more granular into something like becoming an ally or becoming conscious or being a good steward. Right. And then, and then going that way, the whole receiving thing, I wouldn't even go there right now. I would, Okay. I would right there in the whole thing with money. Just breaking that apart and starting to leave that way it would be, That'll take you far.

[104:19] Speaker I: Okay, thank you.

[104:21] Speaker C: And it's 1:44.

[104:23] Speaker A: I want to ask one more thing for you on this because I did this in the, in the 30 day challenge. Do you have an explicit agreement with your partner around money?

[104:35] Speaker I: Yes.

[104:36] Speaker A: Do you? Good.

[104:38] Speaker I: And so, and I'm also, and I'm also very sorry, self reliant. And there's no expectations. We're very clear, very transparent. We have clear like strict agreements with everything, especially money.

[104:56] Speaker A: Okay. And so then what you said, something along the lines of you was, I can't remember the exact language now, but you said you either had a fear around him not making enough or what did you, what was the language you.

[105:08] Speaker I: Used that I found like some resistance with me fully like surrendering. Okay, surrendering. And the reason is because I want to move to Austin. I live in Chicago. I'm also really energetically sensitive and he has a daughter and he can't move right now. So if really value divine union and I'm wanting to move away from him, that's contradictory to the value. But when you spoke about money, I felt like, well, if he had enough money then he can move. And it's kind, that's like a control thing that I'm doing and I'm instead of like surrendering.

[105:57] Speaker A: Yeah. This is why it's really good to get clear on all your values.

[106:02] Speaker I: Okay.

[106:03] Speaker A: This is a good one. And is like, I'll give you an example. This is good for everyone listening. So I had to start, look, when I first got in touch with my values years ago, I started to see it's like, oh, community was one of the highest values at the time. And So I had to ask myself, if I'm gonna go move or visit or be here, why am I going there? Is that a line? Is that a line that's going to help me in my values of community, or if I do move there, what am I to build up the community? But I have these different values, and sometimes the values might compete, but I also. I like to understand kind of what. What order of importance are my values? Even Garen will say, God, family, everything else. You know, I would say God, my purpose, everything else. God, God, purpose, family, everything else. But it's like, what is it for you? Because that. Then that might, you know, it might start sorting some of these things out for you. And. And what I hear is, you know, you want to be surrendered. You want to be able to have that. And he's not making enough. Have you had those conscious conversations with him about that?

[107:12] Speaker I: Yes.

[107:13] Speaker C: Yep.

[107:13] Speaker A: Okay, got it. And then he can. Either he's either gonna have the competency, skill set and energy to do that, or he's not. But it's like, you know, are you. Is. Are you gonna let that impact your life? You know, are you gonna. You know, he. Because he's. That's just gonna be the weather. He's going to be able to do what he's gonna do, and not all of us are gonna have. We're not all going to be perfect and everything. Some, maybe in some seasons of life, he's gonna make more. Some, he might not. And then, yeah, it's just like, weighing. Weighing what's.

[107:53] Speaker I: Oh, okay. Okay. Thank you.

[108:00] Speaker A: All right, Tatum, you. I haven't heard from you at all on any of the calls, and you're right there. What are you hearing?

[108:15] Speaker C: I knew this day would come. I was actually going to reach out and tell you, like, don't call me, because I need to make this decision myself. I need to do it on my own, but here I am.

[108:31] Speaker G: I don't know.

[108:32] Speaker C: I feel like I was just telling my sister as I opened this call that I feel like I have a really good rough draft of my core values. And it's just in the process of actually, like, enacting them, like you said, and, like, actually integrating them and standing by them through throughout. Like, you know, those moments in life where you have to make that decision. Like, I can go this way, I can go this way. And, like, where does that decision align with what I'm trying to.

[109:02] Speaker A: Be?

[109:03] Speaker C: I guess. I don't know. I'm also kind of getting nervous now.

[109:07] Speaker A: Okay.

[109:07] Speaker C: So I'm losing My train of thought as well.

[109:09] Speaker A: All right. Let yourself be nervous. It's all part of it.

[109:13] Speaker C: And vomiting. I wanted to sh. Myself.

[109:18] Speaker A: Vomiting and yourself.

[109:20] Speaker C: I literally, like, could run to the bathroom right now.

[109:23] Speaker A: Great.

[109:23] Speaker C: Okay.

[109:24] Speaker A: That's good to notice because that's already always there.

[109:29] Speaker C: Okay.

[109:30] Speaker A: It's just letting it be there.

[109:32] Speaker C: I'm, like, shaking, too. I was, like, chilling. I was like, this is a fire call. I'm so glad I hopped in, like, great Monday. And now I'm literally shaking. Yeah, you're like, five minutes ago.

[109:44] Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Some of the women. You guys try to do that. That's all right. This is why I always call it for. And just deal with that part of yourself. It's just. Okay. I can feel like I'm gonna. Myself. I can feel anxious. I can feel I'm. And you just get, okay, I. I feel that. And I take action anyways. And I'm gonna learn over time that that's life and that it's safe. I'm retraining my nervous system. I'll do it anyways.

[110:10] Speaker I: Yes.

[110:10] Speaker A: And that translates into every area of your life and how you take action. And I stop letting my feelings dictate my life.

[110:18] Speaker C: Agreed. So, yeah.

[110:23] Speaker A: Well, thanks for getting on Share. Is there any. Any questions you have now that you've just broken through this. This noise, that fear I'm.

[110:31] Speaker C: I struggle with. Once I'm on the spotlight, I have trains of thought. And then as soon as I'm here, I go, like, black. And I'm, like, trying to, like, race around in my mind to find that thought or, like, you know, something I wanted to share. Like, I mean, I guess one of my biggest values right now is, like, I'm learning. Like, I've had previous. Like, I've had partners in the past. I've had a lot of sex in my life. And I was just conversating with my sisters last night, actually. How, like, I'm six months. It's not a big, big step. It is for me. Six months celibate. And I'm trying to get to one year and more. And I know, like, one of my core values stepping forward is, like, my next partner is I'm like, I'm probably gonna be married by the next time. I, like, take that next step because, like, I know deep down that's what I need to, like, have a fulfill, like, I. The relationship I deserve and, like, have been wanting forever.

[111:26] Speaker A: So.

[111:27] Speaker C: And I think that's going to take time for me to, like, actually. And just, like, people are like, oh, that's so like, you know, traditional or like, you know, like, what if you have really good. You know, like, there's so many ways you can look at it, but I know that, like, in the back of my mind, it's like, no, I'm gonna have to hold out until. Till the very end. And because it'll be good for me. Like, I know my body and myself, my mind needs all of that to just be like, away and until that day. So September will be one year and I'm pretty confident I'm gonna get there and pass that. So core one is like, core value is. I don't know. How would you frame that? Like, besides just being celibate, I'm being.

[112:09] Speaker A: Sovereign with my body.

[112:11] Speaker C: I'm being sovereign with my body. I love that. Okay.

[112:13] Speaker A: Conscious with my sexual energy. And the one thing in your speaking, you say, I'm. I'm trying. Just give up the trying. Just say, I am. I am. I am staying this way until this time or this act happens. It's not. I'm trying. Yeah. Owning this is. I'm declaring yes. Right? And so it's. And good. It's good that you know yourself. Right? Just like, I don't want it anymore.

[112:40] Speaker C: I've experienced it. I felt how it takes me pieces away from me and I have to take so much time to get it back. And like, I just. I'm so done with it. So I'm not. It's not challenging for me, but it's like, it's more so like. Like it's gonna be a while. It's a long future ahead of me. But I think it'll be a really good payoff. I actually. I know it will be so great. I like being sovereign. What is the phrase you said again?

[113:09] Speaker A: Say I'm being sovereign with my body. I'm being conscious with my sexual energy. And then you write. You can write all the ways that. That looks like for you. You know, it's like I. I started this, like, you pulling. Reigning in my sexual energy years ago because I saw what had happened from all me being leaky with it. So you know your body and who cares who gives a. What any other woman or any other person is doing with their body? You know, your body, you know what's being spoken to you and what's right for you. And what's more clear you are on that. And your declarations and what you need, you just can stand. Who cares? People can have all that. Like, I know my values, remember? Because if you're not clear on Your values. You'll take on the values of others in the world.

[113:57] Speaker C: Yes.

[113:57] Speaker A: And then you'll have a life that is not you.

[114:00] Speaker C: Yeah. And it kind of goes hand in hand with, like, drinking as well. Like, I've never been one to do it, and I live in a place where that's a part of, like, our lifestyle and, like, it's everywhere. And, like, I've been heavily judged for not wanting to have a drink after work or. Or this and that. And they think, oh, you're just trying to be healthy or this and that. But it's like, I stand by that because, like, I don't like the way it affects my body. I don't like the way I feel. I don't like being around it. So I stand by it. So I try to correlate, like, if I can say that with that, I can this. So it's starting there and then just adding them as I go.

[114:35] Speaker A: Hopefully. Yeah. And then as you keep, you know, I know you're. You're still quite young. You're figuring this out way sooner than I did.

[114:42] Speaker C: Yeah.

[114:43] Speaker A: One of the things that is going to support you in making all this so much easier is the people in your life, the values of the level of community you let in, are going to make all that other stuff easier. Because if I'm not hearing all of these people judge me in this, you know, because eventually the herd psychology will break you. Yeah. You're not strong enough. The herd psychology will win every time. If you take a sick dog and you put them in a healthy pack, it rehabilitates the dog. Same if you take unhealthy. Right. And so you now you start looking also at your community. Who are you into your life? Where are you seeking out other people that have similar values, similar devotion. And the more you do that, it's going to be easier to fortify yourself and all of your values 100%.

[115:29] Speaker C: So that's where I'm at because I'm like, I'm withstanding it, but it wears me down. So it's like, yeah, I need to find a community that supplements me so I can withstand being after work and not wanting to have a shifter. I've never had a drink at my work ever in my life, and I've.

[115:42] Speaker D: Worked there eight years.

[115:43] Speaker A: So you're not missing out. Trust me.

[115:46] Speaker C: I don't think so either. Thank you.

[115:48] Speaker A: So, yeah, it's good. And you got a community here, and you're seeing what it's like to do this work in community, and you just Keep remembering that now you create it in your physical environment as well.

[115:58] Speaker C: Yes.

[115:58] Speaker A: Awesome. Cool. Thanks for sharing. Thank you. Yep. Anyone else? Any last minute collections? Questions? Any questions can go even outside of values. If you have a question, I got another like 5 minutes before I take a. If you got something else.

[116:16] Speaker B: I just want to say that this program is helping me to see my marriage. Like ex husband. I was. Everything was about me.

[116:34] Speaker A: Mimi.

[116:36] Speaker B: And that's painful.

[116:38] Speaker A: Yeah.

[116:39] Speaker B: Okay. It's very painful.

[116:46] Speaker A: So yeah, you can sell like just.

[116:48] Speaker B: Just going to make.

[116:49] Speaker A: He.

[117:01] Speaker B: He was there for me. So that's, that's like huge. That's what I want to say. Thank you.

[117:20] Speaker A: Yep. You're welcome. Yeah, it's. It's good that you're seeing it. You're. You're seeing it and a lot of you will see it. When we go through the relation, we're sprinkling all of everything's relationship. And as we get deeper and deeper and deeper down into the. Some of the timelines in the relationship, it's going to become more and more and more and more clear about who we've really been being. And the pain can start to arise because we're now looking at it versus suppressing it or pushing it away or distracting ourselves. So the pain is becoming evident now. Now your work is, is not to create suffering around the pain, the pain as it is. Pain is inevitable. Loss, grief, upset, guilt, shame. These things are going to, they're going to come. But that's the first arrow. You got shot with an arrow. Ah, shot myself. I see it. The second arrow is the one you shoot yourself with. That's the suffering, that's the unnecessary. It's like, oh, that's who I've been. Yep. It's painful to see that. And great, thank God I can see that about myself now. And I gotta go another 10, 20 years of living that way and being that person. And so it's like you see it and you flip it on its head and you just be like, wow, so, so great to see this. And just a forewarning, you're going to see a lot more at a whole another level here in a few weeks. And so you just get yourself ready for it now and you start to see this is what most of the world is not wanting to see. This will make more sense even in a few weeks. They're not wanting to see this depth of who they've really been in relationship to other people in their life, even the ones they profess to love, when they really see, wow, that wasn't loving. It's a stark thing to come in contact with and. But it's also a very liberating thing. And it's just like, oh, you know what? I'm gonna keep. I'm gonna keep going. I'm gonna use this because I also know most of the people in life are not gonna face this stuff. And this is just gonna. It's gonna put me so far ahead of the curve. I want to show you just a short little video that I shared with Jacob that's. It's along this line. Hold on, let me pull it open. It's really good. Give me one second for everybody. So it's like a parallel to this by Alex Hero. I really like Ready? Alice is going to have to try.

[120:00] Speaker H: I get happier about the harder it.

[120:01] Speaker A: Is because I know that no one else will follow. It's a selection effect. And I think if you can. If you can shift from this is hard to no one else will be able to do this, then it's. It flips from being this thing that you're like, oh, poor me to oh, poor everyone else who's gonna have to try. I get happier about the harder it is because I know that no one else will. So it's like this. I like to play these new frames in my mind when things get hard or I start to see a lot of truth. And it didn't stop. I mean, I was just a month ago, I was seeing all sorts of stuff. I was working a practitioner or is at another level of things I've been looking at for years. And. And you know, even Jacob, we're like. We just go through it. It's like, okay, okay, God, what else can you give me? Because you just. When you see it, you just play a game with it. Like, I know that I'm expanding. I know that each time I have to see and face the truth, my life expands. The. The spiritual material fruits multiply. So I'm like, bring it on. Reveal it all to me. It's okay if it's painful, but guess what? Again, you can have a broken ankle and still be joyful. It's like. And it's like. And like what my mentor used to say to me about grieving. He's like, you know what? It's like a broken ankle. It hurts till it doesn't. It's just gonna hurt a little bit until it doesn't. And on the other side of it, you come back stronger and more joyful in this. Or it's like you learn to relate to the Whole journey differently. It's like I'm so glad I could see that now about my ex husband. Wow. That now I. You. You can still have a relationship with him. Doesn't mean you got to be in physical proximity or even talk to him when you can hold him in your heart in a completely different way now. My father died 15 years ago. I didn't grieve him until seven years after his death. I didn't even go to his funeral. I pushed him away. But I'm closer with him now. I got him around my neck. I got his ashes. My brother just got for me here. Like I'm closer with him than ever was. I can see it. I can see and value and honor the relationship in so many ways. That's the power of being human. So you, you remember all that to keep you out of the wallowing any shame or guilt or any condemnation because if you're in any of that you're not going to see all of the fruits that are right there waiting to be plucked.

[122:23] Speaker B: Yeah. But also you know, we have kids together. So that's a different.

[122:31] Speaker A: Oh great. That sounds like it's going to be better for your kids. Then I. You get to look right away, you just take your mind to what is it perfect for? That's all I'm be. If I was in your shoes, that's the only thing I'd be thinking. What is this perfect for? What is this perfect for? That's alchemy. And the more my work is in discovering what is this perfect for?

[122:52] Speaker B: Perfect is for when I am in a good. When we are talking like calmly my kids are happy. And that's. That's it.

[123:04] Speaker A: You just keep focusing on. That's just one area now go find a hundred more areas of why it's perfect for and do that process and it will transform you beyond belief in relationship to him and your kids. Men in life. You'll. You'll. You'll not repeat a lot of those same behaviors. Figure out all of the ways it's perfect.

[123:27] Speaker B: Yes. I. Yeah. One more thing that I've never been. I like I send a message in the WhatsApp that I was always waiting for for him to say sorry for to me for everything what I did even I was like all that I met all that I'm mad. I never was thankful. Like I didn't even know how to have. I couldn't say thank you. So I needed to lose him.

[124:02] Speaker A: Yep. Yeah. You get those codes? You get those, get them good lessons. I. I'll read you one. I'll read you something to drive this home before I move on to one more person. I wrote this. I. I may have read it to some of you. I'm going to read it again because it's relevant now and repetition is powerful. So I wrote this to my mom on Christmas. And where is it at? Here it is. I'll share my screen with you guys so you can see it. So here's my mom, and I sent her a picture of this book. So I was out. I went to go see my grandma and grandpa at Christmas, who are in a home. They're getting dementia. And I got some of my belongings that my mom has kept for me since childhood. And there was a book in there that my first girlfriend gave me and when I was 18. So inside of the book, it's just this message from I love you, Jeremiah, Bethany, and this verse down there, just some stuff. So as I'm reading that book and I see what she wrote me. She's married. All the women I've been with her, you know, in the past, are married, have kids. And it just triggered something in me. And I'm sitting there and I'm reading this book called Wild at Heart, just about a man's heart. And from a biblical reference, I was just too in much pain to really be present to what that gift was back then. Okay. That this woman had given me. Really incredible. She was an incredible woman. Like, incredible. I've been with incredible women. And so I'm having this reckoning, kind of like you are. This is just in December. These things come, you know, the deeper down this path you go, and the more you're willing to look for truth, it goes further. So here's what I wrote to my mom. I shared this with Jacob, and I also. Jacob's my brother, and I also want to share this with you. I am in the middle of integrating some pretty big insights about God's love for me and the people he's put on my path over the years that did their best to love me. One of these items you saved was this book from Bethany that she gave for me and a note and a verse she included at the front. I see that every single serious relationship I had with women along the way, all of them are married but one. My previous partner, Bianca. Yet she's still with Marcel and wouldn't be surprised if they got married soon. And it has hit me, and it has me sit here in tears as I write this. And I see so vividly and clearly that I had women who really did love me. I've had great women in my life. My heart was just so covered in pain and blocked from receiving that love. I could not recognize God's love nor their love for me at the depth I needed to make it work. I lived so much of my life trying to survive internally and externally and also trying to earn the love, never thinking I was good enough for it. And even if I was, then on the other end, I was just afraid people would leave anyways. I've been feeling the presence of God's love for me more and more in recent weeks and months. I feel it opening my heart more and more as he further washes away the ways I've been in the past and the ways I've viewed myself. Thanks for reading and listening. I figured you'd understand and get it. Thanks for inviting me out there today. It was really expansive and heart opening. I love you so my mom came down and she wrote this. I thought I would share this. Romans 8:1 39 Two different versions if you have Christ living in you, there is no more condemnation. God does love you. And if you have Jesus as your savior, Scripture says he no longer sees your past. It has been forgiven and forgotten. The phrase cast into the depths of the sea symbolizes the permanence of God's forgiveness and the distance of sins from God. In other Bible verses, God forgets sins, sins are removed, God cast sins back. God frees people. And she says, I get everything you mentioned in your text. My mom saying this. God loves you so much. You're my he sent his son to die in a cross. For you are free in Christ. You are free to open your heart to love. Sometimes I might not feel God's love because feelings are fickle, changing all the time. However, I have my faith and I know I have the Holy Spirit living in me. I believe God's word and when I start to have that stinking thinking, I go back to scripture that tells me I'm a new person in Christ and that God is for me, not against me. He will never leave me or forsake me. And so I am sharing. That is because when you start to see these things about yourself, the mind, you still are seeing a lot of them from this imprinted past. You're seeing it and there's there's truth. You're seeing truth, but there's still a lot of the impurities and pain and stuff that's there. The cake isn't fully baked. There's still things that we're seeing we want to judge and condemn or shame ourselves. And what my mom, my mom didn't graduate high school, but my mom has got deep wisdom. She's been on this path 30 some years left, became a single mother because she was, she saw her values and when it was tough, left. My father, who was dealing drugs and alcohol, took on a new risk to raise my brother and I in a new home. And she lived and walked her faith. And so what she's transmitting over to me there is like I was having a stark awakening. I wasn't shaming or condemning myself, like I don't do that anymore, but my, and I, and I would normally like balk and push away my mother, you know, in the past, like, don't tell me this, but I just don't do that anymore. I just said that's my mother's loving heart wanting to pass real wisdom on. And I could finally hear that wisdom at another level. And what she's saying is you're going to see these things about yourself and paraphrasing, giving you the essence. That's the nature of being human. But when you know who you are in the eyes of God, it won't mess with you. You'll realize that that's just your human nature and you won't fall back down into the trap of the pity party or the wallowing in the grief and the self indulgence and the making myself wrong. That's the, that's the very thing that you were, that's, that's the thing that kept the thing that made it happen alive. It's the same thing in a different flavor. And so it's important when we see these things to really ask ourselves what we're rooted in. Because you're going to see some very deep things about yourself soon. And if you're not. This is why we start with devotion to higher power. Because when you really get the nature of being human, you recognize your true nature, your true nature in a higher power in God. This stuff won't throw you all over. You'll recognize that it's already been forgiven. This is the, this is what it means to be human. It's all been taken to, taken from you, right? That was the symbology of the crucifixion, the resurrection, to die to all parts of those of ourselves, of our past, to resurrect in a new state of consciousness. I see the truth of who I was and what's there. And now I'm going to rise in love. I'm going to put my focus on who I Want to be my true nature. And I'm going to live that out now. And I'm not going to swim down in this. It doesn't serve me. And that's what she was getting across to me. And that's what I'm trying to get across to you. As you see these things especially, you know, I know how much I carried in my heart towards. I just tell you to all these past women that I hurt. And then I saw the ones who really try to love me. They're all married with pretty much kids now, and here I am. But this is so great. God did the work in my heart. I'm such a great lover. I'm such a. I'm such a present, great provider human being. Now I know who I am. But I. I went through that journey. And so you went through that journey. And now you can realize what you're going to root yourself in. Who you really are, who you are in the eyes of God. And you learn your lessons. But you won't learn those lessons if you default to shame and guilt because you'll be swimming and feeding the spirit of fear and shame and guilt versus the spirit of faith, love, and trust and who you really are. So that's what my mom is, you know, getting across to me. And I could just. I already knew it, but I got to hear it now at another level and pass it on. That's deep, deep wisdom, if you can hear it. Deep wisdom. Deep. Because you're going to hurt people. You're going to betray people. You're going to. You're going to wrong people in life. But the more you're rooted in love, your true nature, your relationship with God, the less that stuff will happen to you. And even when it does happen, it won't blow your whole house down because your house is built on rock versus sand. Yeah.

[132:27] Speaker B: Thank you.

[132:29] Speaker A: Yeah, you're welcome. Hello. Hi.

[132:42] Speaker D: I learned the 500 lesson.

[132:46] Speaker A: Yeah. Welcome back.

[132:48] Speaker D: Thank you so much. Tell me something about myself, and I would like to share. I realized that you can want something as bad as you want it. And you, like, really, really, really have to show up. Like you really do. Like, it does not matter. Like nothing else matters. And I had all the reasons under the sun, and I was, like, starting to kind of fall into a piece of, like, shame and guilt and just being like, what the. Like, how could I have let this happen? I knew better. I knew about the $500 plane ticket if I missed the flight. I knew about this. And then I was trying to think of, like, within my excuses, was there any space where I could have actually fully shown up and then I could have made it to where I needed to be to stay on the calls? And I realized that there was. That there was different moments. Full days where I was like, okay, that was a whole full day that I could have used my.

[133:59] Speaker A: Yeah.

[134:00] Speaker D: Time a little more wisely. And so it just made me really consider who I was being.

[134:06] Speaker A: Yes.

[134:07] Speaker D: And who I say I want to be and how that was not at all within alignment, as we like to call it. And so I just wanted to say thank you for making me have to hold myself accountable, because that is one of the biggest things that I knew is going to be an issue if starting this is, like, accountability and reliability and showing up to what I say I'm going to. And so then when I hit the piece of, like, judgment and guilt and I was like, oh, my God. Like, oh, of course. Typical.

[134:38] Speaker I: What the fuck?

[134:39] Speaker D: Instead of staying in that, like, spiral, I was like, okay, what do I need to do? Like, how do I need to fix this? And I just. Yeah, I, like, stopped spiraling and thinking of all the things. And I was like, I need to get back on the next call before I fall back even further ahead. Because I get on the call three days from now, and the limit is. Then I'm gonna have three more days on top of my other day, and you'd be, like, so much more behind. So it made me really think. Yeah. About, like, what I wanted and how I wanted to show up and what I wanted to be able to not just, like, prove to others, but prove to myself.

[135:15] Speaker A: Yeah. Great. That $500, I tell you, it's. It's an investment. That's your intuition. That's. That's the tuition for flushing out these patterns, seeing these things. Yeah. And it's beautiful. And so I'm celebrating for seeing it, for owning it and just getting right. Just getting right back on it. Right. It's like. And. And look at what you're getting inside of the context, this conversation. You can feed the spirit of shame and guilt and judgment, or you can now use one. It illuminates that human condition, that part where I wallow or fall back versus all it takes is one time of redirecting my energy back to faith, back to who I want to be, and then I'm training my being and my nervous system in my life. So it's all your investment. It's all an investment in self. It's all the tuition of life. Just how you look at it right.

[136:09] Speaker D: There's been like this moment of like being scared because I was like, okay, it's like a huge chunk to spend and I'm spending it right as I'm paying my rent, which is also kind of crazy.

[136:18] Speaker A: Say you're investing it. Don't even say you're spinning it. Say you're investing it.

[136:22] Speaker D: I'm investing it. But there was a scarcity behind that, which then in that moment was when I was like, okay, I need to.

[136:30] Speaker I: Set the fuck up.

[136:30] Speaker D: Like, I'm gonna trust in the fact that I already knew from the beginning that this is like what I need right now. And so whether or not I feel secure in spending this money or not, I'm gonna just like lean in to the scarcity of it because I know at the end of the day that that's what's right for me and that that's the time going to move forward.

[136:53] Speaker A: There you go. And now you're going to be even more mindful this week. Exactly. And then that is, I'm telling, I try to tell people it's invaluable. When you get that, when you become that, life starts to. You play the game of life differently. That's worth more money than you can imagine. Yeah.

[137:13] Speaker D: And I'm going back and I'm going back to church this week with my roommate for the first time since I was literally in like middle school.

[137:20] Speaker A: We decided, great, thanks for getting on here, sharing where you're at, stepping back up, proud of you. And now, now it's just like make it important. Just like you. When you're not missing your flight, you're just like, I'm walking. This is why we said at the beginning, mark your calendar 90 minutes. If you got trouble, block out 90 minutes every day from here to the end. If you have this game with yourself and just like it's that 90 minute window, whatever it is in the day, I'm not arguing with myself. My phone goes the other room, I lock myself in here and I just get it done. I would not not feed my. I would not feed myself or not brush my teeth. I would just get this done. And when you do that over a 12 week period, you will finally see the nonsense of the game that you've played with yourself your whole life. It's just gone. Then you see that I can face the hardest things in my psychology, my life, and do it with everybody else aside me. Wow. I'm a powerful creator. I can get this in my life now. Yeah, Got it.

[138:20] Speaker D: Thank you.

[138:22] Speaker A: All right. I got to prep for my next call. I got 10 minutes. I will see you all on Wednesday. It's fun being. Thank you so much.

[138:32] Speaker D: Bye.

[138:33] Speaker J: Have a great day and night, guys.

[138:35] Speaker F: Bye.

