Timestamped Transcript: Copy of 03_24_25 - MM 3.0 - JD -  Devotion to a Higher Power
==================================================

[0:00] Speaker A: Okay, so Kira would be the one without the. Let me just remove that one. Great. All right, let's dive in. So quite a. Wow, that's a big ass group. Okay, let's play. So some of you have, some of you have already been privy to the call that we're going to do today, but we're going to upgrade it a little bit. So there's an evolution of it. And Jacob and I are always looking to how we evolve things, how we elevate them, how we upgrade them based on things. We become even more embodied in things that we learn, things that we want to bring forth, because then we're in the act of creation. If you can just continue consuming the same thing over and over again, always putting out the exact same thing. You know, we believe that life is lived in creation. You continue to create. And so what we used to title this talk was connection to a higher power. Today and the shift and we're going to make it distinct is devotion to a higher power. And so we're going to break down what these look like. We're going to, we're going to talk about higher power. Some of you are going to. You've already heard some of the things we shared. You're going to hear them again and you're going to hear it now. This is two months later. This is mainly for the women that were in the 30 day challenge. And you're really going to ask yourself, what did I really hear that first time? How much did I actually take on and embody? So this will be a reality check for you. And. And then we're just going to expand it in some ways. And so I will say with, without fail, to me, this is the most important call. We'll have the most important of the whole three months. So I would encourage you to be really, really, really present. Do whatever you can to just have all of your attention right here. And if you find yourself zoning out, being challenged, resisting, that's okay too. That's fine. You'll have the recordings. Go back and watch the recordings. And. And so let's first start off with a little video, which I think is. It's just such a great video. This guy is a comedian and comedians are really good at driving the point home on some things. And so I'm going to share my screen, even though it chews up a lot of data. And Jacob gets upset with me. Let me do it. Anyways, here we go. So I want you to watch into this. Let me actually hit share the sound. And it's Funny, so.

[2:55] Speaker B: Or you think it's nothing. God created the universe.

[3:02] Speaker A: Some people think God created the universe.

[3:03] Speaker B: Nothing created the universe, which is the funniest guess. And the nothing people make fun of the God people. They say God doesn't exist. I'm like, okay, maybe. But you know what definitely doesn't exist? Nothing. That's the defining characteristic of nothing is that it doesn't exist. So what are we talking about? Either you think it's God, something you can't see, touch, taste, photograph, and science can't prove, or you think it's nothing, something you can't see, touch, taste, photograph and science can't prove. But I think we can all agree if nothing. If you're nothing sometimes spontaneously erupts into everything, that's a pretty goddamn magical fucking nothing, you guys. And ask, Ask the nothing people what happens when you die. They'll tell you nothing. You go into nothing. I'm like, you mean you merge back with your creator. That's heaven.

[4:09] Speaker A: So it's, it's just a nice little funny clip to really, really. What this is. For me, listening to that is a great way to explain that there's things out there that we are honoring with our time and our energy, our consciousness that we, you could say that we recognize as true or recognize that something is going on. I mean, you can sit here and you can breathe, and you don't even have to think about breathing or your blood pumping or your food digesting that you ate earlier. Like, it's just not even. It's just automatically happened. There's something that just has this going, you know, the miracle it is to be born. There's this, just something that's running this show. It's just taking care of everything. It's just, just in divine order. And we can acknowledge that there's. There are things happening beyond our understanding, but we just know that it's happening and we honor these processes. So when we're talking about higher power today, you're going to hear me use the word God a lot. And if that triggers you, that's fine. Don't get hung up on the word. Don't be so ignorant and naive that you can't see what the word's pointing to. And if the word doesn't work for you, then replace it with higher power. I mean, that's what I'm. When I'm saying God, I'm referring to higher power. Okay? And you look for where you're triggered still, where you've got a story around it, where you got a racket about it, where you got a judgment, where you got pain. Maybe you were abused in the church, maybe you had somebody, a friend. Well, I just, I invite you today. Is everything that you know or you think you know, or the views you have, or the stories, the upsets, the breakdown, you're just willing to create a little bit of space between you and it, just allow it to be there. You allow yourself to notice any upset or cringing or tightness and just allow it to be. And come back and just listen, don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. So what happens in people's psyches is there's some sort of religious trauma, there's something you've heard or seen happening. Maybe you grew up in a religious home or you had to go to church, or you knew somebody that was in the church and you hated that person. You're like, I'll never do that if that's how people are. And so you are immature. Immature. Not a mature consciousness, an immature consciousness. Conflated higher power God in the way I say, I say God is the word I use. You conflated God with man or church or religion, which is not any of that. And all the pain got wrapped up in that. And so you threw it all out. God including. And when you do that, our number one assertion, assertion in this program is that that is the ultimate source of why people are in the predicament they're in. Ultimate source is a disconnection from that a lot a disconnection. And inside of that naturally lack of devotion because there's no connection. So said it another way, people that are struggling with addiction, most of the human beings, but to degrees struggle with addiction. And what they're really seeking is God seeking a higher power. They're seeking a spiritual awakening. They're seeking their true nature and they've misguided their aim. If you look at the 12 steps, everybody, most everybody familiar with the 12 steps. The 12 steps has been around since around 1939, founded by Bill Wilson. Carl Young, world famous psychiatrist, psychologist, psychiatrist, was a big influence on the 12 steps. Most people don't know that he wrote letters to Bill Wilson, the founder and, and the 12 steps really what this was. I've studied the history, I've gone through the 12 steps. I grew up in 12 step meetings. As a 6 year old, my father struggled hard in addiction. The 12 steps is a spiritual technology. It was the first of its kind to help people get sober. And what was the number one power of the 12 steps? There were people back in the 30s, doctors would tell them, there's no more hope for you, there's no more medical intervention. This won't work. And I remember Carl Jung at one point in the book between Bill Wilson, who founded the twelve Steps, in him, he was saying, the only hope for you is a spiritual awakening. And so this was Bill Wilson's co founder who founded AA. The 12 steps was speaking with Carl Jung. And so he's telling him, like, go put yourself in an environment where this could happen. That's the only thing that's going to save you. The medical, the hospital, there's no more hope there. And eventually he did. He had a spiritual awakening. And then out of the 12 steps was born with the work of Carl Jung. We pull a lot of great profound parts of that in the work that we do, taking inventories of our lives in certain ways, connection to a higher power. We're going to reframe his devotion here today. But in short, it was. They found that when a human being was able to surrender their will and their agenda and they were able to connect the higher power, they were able to live in that, that the, the deep self harm and the addictions fell, fell away. Now there's other processes you're going to go through, but that is the main essence. Those are like the beginning steps. And so I looked at my life and I'm like, you know what? How come I, how come I've missed this? How come it's even by the time I did the 12 steps about four years ago? How come it's so hard for me to even like understand connection to higher power? What do I resist this so much? Oh, religious trauma. All the things that I saw in the church, things that happened with me, my family, the physical abuse. Why would I want to think of anything in that world when the people that subjected me to that are showing up this way with me, who've got their unresolved stuff, AKA I couldn't hear it, I threw the baby out with a bath because I'm too young. I just associated all of it with pain. But then I lost, I lost the rich wisdom that was there because all the pain, I just threw everything out. And so as I went down this journey, I started to see, wait a second, this is actually a very common thing with people. I started to see it in my clients. And then as I started doing deep work with Judith, I asked her, I was like, hey, Judith, I'm seeing a lot of my clients have religious trauma. Do you, do you see that? She goes, jeremiah, the number one pattern, the number one trauma I see is religious trauma in people. Judith was also married to a pastor's son at once. And she got her incredible, incredible story. And so I started learning. I was so fascinated. I had saw through this connection and devotion that had developed over time. My life started to change. And I'm going to share today some of that testimony again and I'm going to show you what the evolutions look like but what the point I really want to drive home today that I'll say throughout is that I personally could not get in front of lead people. Get in front and lead people and do personal development work with people if this wasn't present. I just felt like I'm a fraud and a liar. I had been around enough people who said that God was the most important thing, but then they didn't lead with it. That was. I was like, I can't do that in my soul. That doesn't. I'm not trying to keep people trapped in the personal development world because what I saw is that when you get this sorts itself out, you won't feel this need. Like I, ah, I gotta go pay. I gotta ah, something's wrong with me, I gotta fix in this or it's just gone. But a lot of people won't tell you that because then that threatens their pocketbook. It's like, I'm not, I can't do that. I have to tell the truth. I have invested hundreds of thousands of dollars over the past nine years to overcome 29 years of addiction, complex PTSD, behavioral disorders. And I can tell you the most powerful thing was this devotion to a higher power. All the other stuff just those are just, those are micro points on the main thing. But having a true spiritual relationship, not just saying I'm spiritual or I think that there's a God, something like, no, there's a diff. There's a distinction between knowing that there's a God or higher power and believing in knowing that won't change your life. Believing in relying on will. And so I want you to just look any resistance and judgments, pushbacks or challenges, and just let it all be. It's fine. And you can ask yourself the whole way through, how has my plan been working out for me? You know, one of the great. I love one of the frames in the 12 steps. I went through Russell Brand's version in the book Recovery years back and it's just like, I just really love that frame. It's like, yeah, your will, your agenda, that's the thing that's gotten you here. And I was like, you know, I remembered Albert Einstein talking about, you can't solve a problem at the same level of thinking that created it, the mind. Which means, if I can't solve it with the mind, where am I going to solve it? How do I deal with this? Oh, I have to go beyond my will, my mind, my agenda, my strategies. And I have to be open to another way of letting life, letting life live, letting myself be led. That might be hard to comprehend right here. If you've never been exposed to this conversation, if you've never leaned in, we're starting somewhere. And so I'm going to walk you through just a little, a little story, just to connect it. And I want you to also remember that there's things that you don't know that you don't know. My lack of humility for so long and thinking that I knew better. And I know, and I've done all this personal development work. I had already invested hundreds of thousands of dollars before I came came to this. And I thought I just knew everything. I had to be willing to give up what I knew. I had to be willing to pour out some of the water in my cup so something else could be poured into me. Humility. I had to repent, to change my mind, change my direction, change what I focused on in order to come to this. This is why we've slowly built up till we had to this call. This last week, we talked about some different things. And by now, even in the first week, some of you are really starting to see the truth. You know, the veil is lifting in certain ways. You're starting to get in touch with some things. You're starting to be responsible for some areas. You're starting to see the ways you want to play games and back out. Or maybe you're being challenged or this is tough, or coming up with excuses like, this is good. And so through this conversation, I want you to just remember and all of this, bro, there's things that you don't know that you don't know. There's things that you know you don't know, and then there's the things that you don't know that you don't know. So I'll give you just a little backstory. I'm going to tell you this story and a story, and then I'm going to turn it over to you and tell a story, frame it, and we're going to turn it over. We're going to go back and forth. So My father was 29. My mother was 13, and her parents weren't really affectionate with her. She's going on drug runs with her father, like take her on drug runs across the country. And he. My grandfather was dealing drugs with my father. And he. My. My grandfather said to my father, you can basically have my daughter. So my, my father was engaged in pedophilia behavior. 16 years older. And yeah, they did a lot of just really wild, dark things. And my mom was in and out of rehab with him. And she's like 17. And when she's 20, she had me. And when I was 5 years old, she's still with him. My brother's born as well. My mom's working at a grocery store. My father's dealing with alcoholism, drug abuse, and he did give up drug dealing for a while. And my mom, you know, while she's working at grocery store, someone said, hey, I want you to come to church. I want you to invite you to church. So my mom went. She's like 25 years old, never been. And about last year, she's, you know, she's sharing her testimony again. I'm like hearing it as an adult because I couldn't understand this shit when I was a kid, but I listened to it as an adult. She didn't like talking about some of the dark things in her past. And she goes, jeremiah. When I went that day, she said, the lights came on. I just saw the lights. I could see there was a whole new way of living because she was in that much darkness. And she left my father. Five years old. I'm five years old. She became a single mother for a while. I had to go live with my aunt while she worked. You just. We were poor and remarried. My stepdad, and in the beginning, he wasn't fully on board with going to church. And he played this game. My mom says, no, you know, you gotta. If you're gonna be with me, this is my boundary. Like, I'm. My life is in God. And my stepfather got on board and they've been happily married for 33 plus years, successfully happy married, both of coming from crazy levels of trauma. And so I grew up in this home, but when I was young, my parents were still very. They had a lot of stuff that wasn't resolved. And that stuff came out on us. Bringing two, you know, I had my step siblings, us four kids in a bedroom, my stepbrother in and out of prison, physical abuse in our home. And then we're in church twice a week. I'm being, you know, I'm in church, memorizing Bible verses, going to church camp, like, and just, just like hating. I'm like, I'm getting in trouble at church, I get in trouble at school, I get in trouble at home. I'm being made wrong. I'm just associating it all with these people and hypocrites and blah, blah, blah. And I leave home at 18. I literally, the day after I graduated high school, the next morning I moved out of state and I went full blown atheist. God, there's no such thing as God. This isn't real scary at first because I had all this programming, I'm going to go to hell and this. And I tossed it all out. And then the real, the real suffering started. Join the Marines, compounded all of that. And then just, you know, tons of blacking out years for 12 years. Blackout two nights a week, two night, three nights a week. Alcohol, drugs, multiple times a week, Sex addiction, multiple addictions, running at the same time. And then I have this chance encounter in 2016, I'm walking around a lake in Switzerland and I listened to this book, Power of Now by Eckhart Tolle. And I just, the first time in my life I actually stepped outside of my thought. I could see it and I could reflect. I didn't even know what it meant to reflect. That's how far gone I was. And I saw it. It was this opening and I disidentified from this person, get this, that I have OCD or I am adhd, that I lived inside of this narrative and diagnosis and diseases my whole life. And so this opening started and I got deep. I got deep down into the world of personal development. I just ran with it. But I wasn't embodied. I kept having these ups and downs, lots more suffering. I go five years until 2021, investing hundreds of thousands of dollars. Trauma therapists, world class psychedelic treatment, doctor, you name it. World class coaches, like everything. But I would still have these big booms and busts with my health and wealth. I couldn't figure it out. And then 2021, call it the summer of ketamine in Austin. I just worked the 12 steps. But then I'm justifying to myself. I can, I can do ketamine because it's healing, it's still therapeutic. So I'm sharing it with these people in community. I'm leading, I'm facilitating it. And I end up getting sick four times in a row with strep throat. And each time was after I used ketamine. And one of those times I had an experience where these two entities like came into my chest, these spirits, all sorts of bad stuff started happening. Got back with my ex. She had former friends, cast black magic spells and hate messages to me. Just a lot of dark stuff happened. Right around that time I had started becoming friends with Garen. I was at his birthday and then Thanksgiving comes around and he just didn't remember we talking. He just invited me to come over to his house one on one. So I go to his house right around Thanksgiving. I just committed to quitting all substances. I had been off alcohol for like three years, but I was like, you know what? I'm going to quit substance too. Like, God is telling me you're sick. I was at the lowest point in my life. Lost. No, like just allergic, reactive to all sorts of food after all the antibiotics, no health, full of shame. How, how do I regress? How do I make strides and regress? Just all of this pity and shame. And I go to Garen and I'm sitting in his house and I, I get down and I just start opening up. I'm like, man, I cannot make sense of how I can invest all this money and keep doing these programs and doing this work and doing the coaching and doing the psychedelics. Like I, I don't get it. How come I can build a multi million dollar business and go financially bankrupt, serve a lot of people, make an impact, but then fall back on my face? I don't fucking get it. And he just listened and he said, jeremiah, it's not your level of being. You've already worked a lot at the level of being. Because I'm going to ask you a question. I ask people that come into my home, the spiritual people, I remember him saying, you know, the ones that think they're spiritual. He just goes, what's your relationship like with the, the divine God? And I started opening up. I started telling him about my, the religious trauma and the things that I went through and how for years I've been trying to get closer to spirit. I use the word source, source, spirit. Now I use God. But I was trying, but I didn't know how. And he's just listening. And for you, again, for those who don't know Garen, he's got a remarkable story. You know, he was locked up abroad for smuggling heroin. His father was murdered, African American. He's against all odds, all sorts of things. Hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt, living in his car to now like world renowned multimillionaire coach. It's impacted hundreds of thousands of lives. So I'm listening. I'm like, I'm in it. I know this guy charges 10, $12,000 an hour and he's just pouring into me freely. And so he goes, jeremiah, everything you see around me and my house, this Thomas in this multi million dollar like palace in Austin, and he's all the the lives I've impacted, he goes, I've manifested all of this through my relationship with Christ. And you got to get. I was averse to these type of conversations. I want to hear this for a long time. Anytime the word Christ or Jesus or this or any sort of religion came out, for a long time, ah, get the away, push away. But something was different here. One is, I had enough pain. I was, I was in it. I had had a lot of rock bottoms before that too. This, I mean, this was hard. And I'm listening and because I also knew I could see someone who's really embodying a powerful way of being. And so I just listened. And I knew that he wasn't trying to convert me. He was just. I came to him just like you came to me. He's just sharing. He's listening to me. He's looking see what I've done, where I'm at, who I'm being, and he's looking deeper. And so he asked me, what's your relationship like with the divine? Like with Christ, with God, what is it? And then he starts to tell me like, hey, if you want to know how I've created this life, he's like, this is how. He's just straight zow. I could hear it. I'd had enough pain and I knew that there was something I was missing. And I had. In that moment, I could see I'd started to heal the relationship with my parents already way past healing. The relationship with my parents had been like five, six years in the game at that point. But I could see, wait a second. My parents are happily married and have come from some of the levels of horror and trauma and they've got this life. My brother's happily married, younger than me, grew up in the same household, got three nieces. And it clicked. I'm like, I've missed something here. I've missed something. And so I keep listening. And he just would tell me all these stories. He's in prison and he got out how? He just pray. He said, you know, look, when I pray, I'm just talking out loud like I'm talking to a homeboy. This is like just talking to a friend all day. I'm just talking. I'm sharing. And he kept going. And I just listened for a while and he'd even tell me. And then he, you know, he took me some stages deeper that I, I could hear. I really got. He said, you know, he goes. And even the times where I got away from it, when I started thinking that I was the one doing it and I would pump up myself and try to take credit my ego. He said, there's this moment. I just fell in the shower one day. As soon as that thought came, he said, I could tell you a hundred more stories where I separated from God or thinking I'm gonna do it. And my life, I just got smacked. And so I just listened, listen. And at the end of the call, and at the end of the call, at the end of our one on one time there in his house, we're like sitting in these chairs and he just. I'm in his living room and he just leans in and he looks at me and he says, jeremiah, you've tried everything else. Are you willing to give God a try? And it just shook me to my core. I had, I tried it all. I went down psychedelic treatments that most people in the world will never even think of. Stuff hundred times stronger than ayahuasca. I just invested so much. I was trying everything, all of it. Anything I can get my hands on, I'd consume it. Help me, save me, Something's going to fix me. And he knew that. He felt it. He heard me talk about it. And you just ask, are you willing to give God a try now? Yeah. You've got your story. Yeah. You've got your pain. Yeah, you got all your stuff around it. But are you willing to give it a try now? Have you had enough? And then I just, it just, it just was instant in my psyche. I was looking even like I used to work even in the the Middle East. I worked with the royal family and top 100 richest families in the world over there. I was like, oh, they even got Islam. And I see the light, their devotion. I could just connect these dots to people that had that relationship. And I could see the undeniable truth. I was like, man, I've missed something here. So I got curious. I left. He gave me two books. He gave me his book about his life and he gave me this book, the Power of positive Thinking, which I think he's exclaimed, he's read hundreds of times. And at first it was really tough for me, but I said, you know what? I go home. I don't really haven't shared this one too Publicly yet. But I go home and I just gotten back with that former girlfriend I told you about and total misalignment relationship. Just all the codependency, attachment our second time around, just trying to prove them. Just see me now. I want you to. I want to redeem myself. She had her stuff, but I go home and I tell her and she was freaked out. I didn't come to find out till your leader why she was so freaked out is because the guy she initially left me for, he came to his relationship with God in Christ and he left her because the relationship was no longer in alignment. So when I came home from. And she knew Garen, she was there at his house on Thanksgiving when I came home telling her what had like, opened up and what I saw. And then I'm gonna start praying for three days, full blown trauma response on me. And I didn't know how to like, I just didn't know what was going on. But anyways, that eventually faded. But I was like, I want you to hear that. Because that was a new seed that was deeply planted. The sower and the seed, the parable. I was starting to become more conscious and I almost let that seed get snatched away. Really hear that this is written about. This actual thing is written about. It almost got snatched away. But that truth was so strong coming from Garen that I could tune out all of that trauma and judgment around it, thank God. And I started to nurture that seed. And eventually she saw it and she opened up more and saw that I was. I was stable. I'm staying, I'm. She can have her way, but I'm focusing on this. And I started praying for like 30 seconds a day. I just like, you know what? I'll do it 30 seconds. Because it was so awkward, but I'm like, 30 seconds. I'll just do it in my head. I'll say it a little bit loud on my walk. I'll just do 30 seconds. I gotta start somewhere. I gotta start. If you're gonna ride a bike, you're gonna start with the training wheels. And so I started and. And then at that same time, I was working with a research scientist who started helping me repair my immune system and my health. And he opened me up to this world. He says, look, dude, anytime someone like you has got as many booms and busts with your health and wealth, you need to look deeper. He's like you. He had me write out all my trauma timeline, which you guys are gonna do, became part of metamorphosis. He helped Me start connecting these dots of trauma and the psyche. And then I had this, my contacts with Garen and God over here. And I started working with this research scientist to rebuild my health while I prayed. And that research scientist said to me, in the beginning, he said, you know, when people start out working with me, most of them don't end up in the relationships they're in. And I was like, I don't. That's. That's a wild thing to say. And he's. And he's like, the death to work. He's like, this is very intense work. And so I went through these protocols and I started cleaning up and detoxing my physical body, repairing my brain. And then I eventually met prayer. I met Judith. Sure enough, right after Judith, I saw the truth. I saw the light, as my mom would say more. I saw the dysfunction that I was choosing and creating from old trauma, stuck from being disconnected from God. I left that relationship. I went into grieving. I went into a grief program. I leaned closer into God. I started studying the Bhagavad Gita, which my mentor talked about over the years. And then I finally started studying books about the Bible. I couldn't get myself to read it yet. I'm going to read about people that talk about it. I started where I could. I kept going. I looked for ways to make it accessible to me. So I'm studying the Bhagavad Gita, living one's calling, which is the work I had done with my mentor of five and a half years. And I was like, oh, he's really channeling over the Bhagavad Gita and his lessons through leading landmark and this, I started to connect the dots. And as I lived my calling more, as I started to put myself out and commit to a path of service, I'm praying, I'm doing these things. I'm aligning my life up, unifying in purpose. I started making money in it. My health started to elevate, started doing public speaking all over the world. I started reading more and more books about Christ, consciousness, Jesus's life. I go through some deeper layers. I get past this old mold toxicity that just plagued my life for some years to where it was just an afterthought. And it all started out with a connection. And then over time, after some time doing that, metamorphosis was born. Just like seven years of reflecting. How would I bring this stuff forth? But I knew. I said, you know what? We're going to talk about connection to a higher power. I cannot not Bring this in. I don't care if that's going to scare people away or this, because I saw that when I was doing public speaking and I shared. Just. Even it was so scary to share about prayer and public settings of entrepreneurs. But I did it. And I just watched. Even. Just one person came up to me afterwards and said, it changed his life. And it got back and I was like, I cannot not share about this. So I kept going. Metamorphosis. A year and a half in here you are. And I think it's important to share their full circle. It was always about connection, just helping people get an access point. It's important because a lot of people, like I said, Judith has been in trauma therapy for over 50 years. Number one thing, she sees. And if you're cut off, if you're cut off, you throw out God with everything. You've cut off your spirit. That's a hard life. I know. And so I was like, I got. I have to. That's the greatest gift that I could give. That's the greatest gift I could give to people. Because when that really comes and starts to live and it's embodied, it changes everything. Spirit is infinite. The mind and the willpower and the discipline and the motivation is finite. That's why you. That's why you see, you can make a little stride, but you hear, oh, I fell off. I did it for a few weeks, and life was good. But I can't figure out why. I thought. I can't figure out. I thought I dealt with that. You heard that before. I thought I dealt with that. I thought, I've already worked through that. Then how come you keep creating dysfunction? That's what I saw. Like, whoa, why aren't more people talking about this? But in a way that's accessible, because sometimes just hitting people with Jesus is a little too much, and sometimes it's not. And so I saw. I was like, oh, my God, what did it take me? What did it take for me to get here? It took me six, seven years of doing personal development work before I was even open enough to hear it. And then I saw all the lessons from my mentor about how to make things accessible for people in language. And I saw, this is one of my callings. I gotta be able to meet people where I'm at. Like I was met where I was at. And most importantly, I have to embody and live it. Because I grew up around a bunch of fucking people that didn't embody it, but the people I've saw embody it. It's undeniable. And so time goes on and I'm just drawing, I'm seeing, check it out. Because when you teach it, you start to master it. So as I started sharing it and teaching it and supporting people, I saw that one of the number one things people were saying to us that went through the program, we interviewed every, all of them. They'd say the greatest thing I've got is a connection with God now. I was like, wow, it's one of Jacob's number one reflections. And we do a lot of deep work with people in all sorts of areas. And they got it. They saw what it was like when they just started learning how to pray and offering up their shame and guilt and things of carrying. They stopped trying to always pull it apart and they just offer it up. They saw how the simplest little things could literally alter their state of being. And I was like, okay, I'm living it, I'm sharing it now. Other people are bought in it to change their lives. And so as check it out as I saw that, it's creating a positive feedback loop in my psychology. I can verify it. I can, it's valid. I can see the evidence of the fruits. It's written in the Bible. You'll know them by their fruits. I could see the fruits in my life now. I could see the fruits over here. I'm like, wow, this is the it's been talking about for thousands of years. It's happening right in front of me. This is way more effective than always trying to do all the hacks in this and people just get stuck in that loop, stuck in the identity of thinking they're the one that's doing it. And ah, it's just the continual. This great quote I love. Don't try to purify yourself before coming to me. I am the purifier God, higher power. Not the somatics, not me, not Jacob. The relationship with spirit. When spirit's just flooding you, when you're connected to that, what it does is so far beyond what any man or modality out here could ever do. And so it goes on. And as I'm seeing this, as I'm watching and we're telling people our first round, we gave it away free for six months. Metamorphosis. We tested a, prototyped it. We wanted to prove that it was effective. I was like, I'm going to bring this whole life's work. I'm going to be upfront. I even told people in the, in the free round, like if you're not open to this conversation, said, you could leave right now. You can get off the call. Don't stay because you're attached to everything else. Only stay if you're truly open to this. Not a single person left. I was like, wow, time goes on. We go through two rounds and I just see the impact. I'm like, okay, I got it. I got it. Other people can hear it. And then I saw my own life. I looked at Jacob and I. And I looked at, like, the fruits, the spiritual fruits, the material fruits. And one in. In just one year, I had other people who've gone through our program watch a video of me a year ago speaking and watch today. And they said, you, you are a completely different human. And I just instantly I knew it's because I'm. I'm living it. In this past year, more has opened up for my life. More growth and expansion than all the other eight years combined. And guess what? I did way less. I've invested way less in therapy, coaching courses, retreats, pretty much not very much at all. More stuff towards business skill. The least amount I invested or engaged in in this past year and I had more impact than the eight years combined. Why? Because I leaned into devotion. Devotion. I'm going to make that distinct and how that's distinct from connection in a moment, but I leaned all the way in. We launched our paid round last October. In October, maybe six months ago, for the first time, was like, you know what? We're going to offer this as a paid program now. We vetted it. It makes an impact. Let's test it. People came. 19 people came, signed, paid up, 36 this round. And we nearly tripled our revenue from last round. Guess what? No website, no paid marketing, no ads. None of that. Just who we're being and why am I sharing it? Not about the money I want. It's about the fruits. He says it in the Bible. You'll know them by their fruits. The point I didn't share in there is in November, I finally bought the Bible. I bought a New Testament Bible with a metaphysical translation alongside of it. Because this is more about. I'm just teaching you as well, in this language, how I made it accessible and easy for me to open to in my psyche. So I bought this metaphysical Bible and I started reading it because I'm like, you know what? I can't believe the literal. It's too hard for me to wrap around. I believe the Bible has powerful wisdom in this. And Jesus was a dude that walked the earth and died. I can't wrap my Head around the resurrection as literal. I grappled with it 30 some years and in November I started reading it with Camila. I was at Judah's house. We'd read it together, Jacob, and we'd pull it apart. And I come here to Costa Rica and I just, I actually, like I heard great mentors say, eventually you can keep reading about it. Eventually you want to get into it. You want to get to the source and listen for the spirit to speak through you, not just about what other people say. So I did it. I took it on in November. I've been reading every single day, studying it in it chatgpt, going through the reflections, talking it out with my partners, my parents. I called Garen one day in the fucking river for an hour. I was having just a massive breakthrough in tears to seeing these things. And, and the whole time from November here, the fruits just went. But guess what? I wasn't doing it for the fruits. I was just doing it because like I. I tried everything else. I just wanted peace. I want a peace in my life. I wanted stability, consistency. So that was almost four years ago. And I just knew I wanted to be embodiment of it before I shared it. So I shared at the stage I was embodying and along the way I always shared where I'm embodied. Only that never, never passed where I'm at. And you are sitting here. I want you to get. You are here. No clever marketing, none of that. Just like us being ourselves. No website. Do this, offer all that up to God. All my relationship with God. I tried all the other stuff. The peace and stability and things that have opened up even here. Just this three months living with Jacob, just out in nature, studying each day, talking about it, living it. Unlike anything unjust. Nothing comes even. I was talking with our friend Dorian, that's here. Someone would potentially collaborate, just like it's just unbelievable. And so this is about connection to devotion. And so that's, that's the trajectory. That's what, that's what it looks like. You want to know how we get results? We just tell people straight up, this is how we help people break through all the. That they have around a higher power. We help them make distinct in their mind that a higher power is not church or religion. It's not the patriot, it's not this. It's all the. That you've been conditioned or holding pain around. It's not that. But if the consciousness isn't formed enough and it hasn't reflected and dealt with that pain, it just discards it all and then you're trying to again. I always love this frame. Eckhart Tolle. It's like the chief of the fire department is trying to catch an arsonist who burns something down, but the arsonist is the chief of the fire department. It's like, I'm going to keep. I'll do more breath work. I'll keep doing more crystal healing in this, and I'll just keep trying all these new dollars. I'll keep my strategies. And you at one point, you just gotta look, it's like, how is that working out? How is like the strategy and the plan working out? And so connection. Let's make these distinct. What do we. We used to call it connection. And I get. Connection's a great. It's a starting point to connect to something. But I saw as you know what, I want to always take people up to the highest level and then they can move through their stages. But I can talk about devotion now because I've lived it. When I was teaching this years ago, I wasn't devoted yet. I was connected and I was moving in that. And it created enough in my life that I was like, I gotta share it. And now let's talk about devotion. So we're gonna first make it distinct. What is the distinction between connection and devotion? How are they different, in other words? Okay, break this down. I wrote this out, so give me two seconds. So connection versus devotion. Connection is this. I feel something. I'm aware of a presence. I had a powerful moment in prayer, breath, work, meditation. That's connection. Connection is beautiful, but it's not the whole thing. It's called an access point. And connection can be a feeling, it can be an experience, and it's an access point, a moment of awareness. Okay, but connection costs you nothing. It's passive. It's experiential, fleeting. You can feel connected and still do whatever you want. You can feel connected and still be running your life on your own terms. Connection says, I love being near the fire. Now let's talk about devotion. Devotion is my life, is not my own. I follow, I surrender, I obey. Devotion is not a feeling. It's a way of life. It's not about proximity. It's about allegiance. Devotion says that even when I don't feel the fire, I stay with the flame. Even when it's uncomfortable, I follow. Even when it costs me my image, my certainty, my ego, I still bow. Devotion is active, sacrificial, directional, embodied. Connection says that I believe and devotion says I obey. The core distinction is that connection is intimacy without surrender. And devotion is surrender, whether intimacy is present or not. There's a couple verses that go so well with this that I pull out Matthew 15:8, the from the. The Gospel says, these people honor me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me. Oh, I'm spiritual. I say this, I'm. But their hearts, their embodiment, their life, their is far from me. They say one thing, they live another, and the other quote, if anyone would come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross daily, and follow me. Devotion is regardless of emotion. Luke 9:23 so some questions before we turn it over is, where in your life are you spiritually connected, but not surrendered? And what do you still reserve for yourself, your time, your image, your preferences, while claiming to be in relationship with your spirituality or the divine? And what would devotion look like if you stopped waiting to feel connected and started living as if you actually belonged to a higher power, that you understood your true nature, your true identity? Not I am weak or I am. I'm shameful or I'm bad, or I have this. But your true identity. What would life be like? And so before I turn over, it's like one more thing to make devotion distinct. It's like the. The path, like what I like to frame it as. There's a difference between polyamory and monogamous. There's devotion. It takes something. It requires something to walk a monogamous path. There's something in like, the best way I could frame New Age and how I define New Age is an amalgamation, a collection of all the things that feel good. I'll do this modality. It feels good, I'll do that. I'll pick and pull just from a lot of things that feel good. But there's no devotion or sacrifice in that. I did it. I can say it out of recognition, not judgment, meaning I've been. That there's no judgment. I got it. But you look. It's like I'm pulling all these things that feel good. As a great spiritual teacher told me many years ago that I just. I couldn't hear it then. He's like, you know, you're gonna wanna. When you devote to one path, singular path, life will change for you radically. Paraphrasing what he said to me. RUPERT Spira NON DUAL TEACHER and I just didn't. I didn't get it. I was still like, I'm gonna go try all this out, and then I'll tell you, like, the fruits of my life and the impact of the spiritual fruits, meaning My. My compassion, my peace, my love, my vitality and my energy, my heart. Ah, exponential. If you knew who I was years ago. Good Lord. And then my bank, you know, my financials, the material fruits, credible and that really, you know, there was a connection that started. The connection was the access point. But it was when the devotion happened that it was like hyper speed when I dialed in on a path. For me, that's studying the life of Christ, being a follower of Christ, not. I don't identify with being a Christian. I'll follow Christ. That might be something else for you. Maybe that's Hinduism, maybe that's Judaism. Maybe it's. Whatever. I'm not. We're not here to say what's right or wrong. We are is just to be models. Why Connection was a. They used the word connection to higher power in the 12 steps because it was accessible for people in their psyche. It talked about understanding God as you know him. And so again, this is about creating an access point, creating a space and environment where you can see the truth of your life, where you can look and see how is my plan working? What is my relationship really like? What do I know about this? You got to start somewhere. But have you even started. Have you even tried? Or have you. Have you thrown the baby out with the bathwater today? And it's good to just take an honest assessment. Some of you have done a lot of personal development work. One of our client avatars that we mainly speak to now is the person that's done a lot of that because that was us. They would just see it. It's so common. I'm done all this work and like, okay, then why like a Camilla. Some of you watched her testimony before you call it. And I forgot, you know, she shared this in front of women. She came to me, she had all this fear, and I said, well, if you're so spiritual, then why do you live with so much fear? The math doesn't math. The math doesn't math there. So I just put that over to you as well. If you're. You say you're spiritual and you live this or you have this connection, then how come you still have so much of that stuff you deal with? How. How come? Or let me say another way, it doesn't mean we won't have stuff. How come it bothers you so much? That's a good question to be confronted with. Because it's one thing again to say that I believe that. And it's another to believe in. And it's another thing to have a Sense of connection. It's another to live devoted. And so we got to look. And people will often ask me at this point before I turn, like when I turn over there, I'm just like, speak to the objections or the concerns right away. It's like, how do I do it? How do I do it? And I just make it stupid, simple. How do you get to know somebody? Oh, you talk to them. Maybe you write them a letter back in the day, or you write to them, have a meal with them. Maybe they tell you a story about the life you go read about, whatever. You get to know them. And then what I told people in the challenge and in our last round. And I'll just keep saying it till I'm blue in the face is that. And I say it with all of my heart and conviction. If you get one thing from our entire three months, please just get this. I don't even care if you discarded everything else. Just get this one point. When you make devotion to a higher power as important as eating or brushing your teeth, you will have the life that you know you're capable of creating, period. I'll say it one more time. When you make devotion to a higher power just as important as brushing your teeth in the morning or eating and feeding yourself each day, you'll have the life you know you're capable of, period. So make that as hard or as complicated as you want. But I say it with just every inch of my being, the truth of that, and just see, what do you make more important than that? And it'll tell you why you have the life you have. And even said another way, your life will be evidence of it, is the more important you make it, it'll directly correlate to a powerful life, to an expansive life where you're no longer burdened by the feelings of shame and guilt and all that misidentification of not who you aren't, but when you make it important, when you just make it, it's just as natural as, like, I'm sitting down and I'm. I'm read, I'm studying scripture, whatever that is for you, whatever. I'm devoted there when that's just as important before I brush my teeth or I eat, I'm not leaving my house till it's done. Watch what happens. You won't. You just like, oh, I got it. I don't need any of this anymore. I got it. I'm not constantly seeking. The. The seeking drops out. The seeking that something's wrong or seeking for the stuff always outside of you. It drops out. It's a. It's a wild feeling. My first five, six years was deep. It was addiction to the personal development. More of that. More of it. Let me keep getting that high. Let me. Doing it. Not ever getting it fully resolved. All that drops out when you make it just as important as feeding yourself, brushing your teeth. So that's what I got for today. And we'll just play with it. See, here it goes. Challenges, resistance, questions. Traumatic thing you experienced in relationship to see. Yep. See you. Our domestic worker, who's worked with us three months, is leaving us in my last day with her. So she's waving. So anything inside of the context of this, not outside of it, inside the context of a relationship with a higher power. And. And it's okay if you're challenged. You got stuff around it. You didn't like the way I talk any. All of it's welcome, but let's pull it apart and let's keep it inside of that and. All right, Audrey.

[54:28] Speaker C: I love this conversation so much. So what does it look like to fully surrender and to, like, release what you think your plan should be and, like, just fully surrendering to God guiding you? What does that look like?

[54:46] Speaker A: So I would say there's a. I'm going to speak for someone. That's Brand. I'm always going to speak to my former self, so. And then I'll walk you through it, what it looked like. For me, it's just one model. And I encourage you, don't just take my model. Go look for other people as well. And I'll only speak up to the place I'm embodied in. You know, I still consider myself new. My brother's been doing this deeply for 13 years, so I humble myself before him, even though he's younger than me. And I've got all this different wisdom, I'm like, damn, my brother's got so much wisdom in this area, I'm ready to learn from him. So don't just take it from me. I'm just gonna give you one model. All right. It's a great question. So for me, I first had to. In order to understand what surrender meant, I had to first clearly see what control looked like. You know, when I went through that breakup five years ago, the one that. The therapist that pointed out the world of addiction and things to me I'll never forget. I'm sitting in a San Diego Airbnb September 2020 Covid, and I just remember I'm reading Russell Brand's recovery book. I started it a Little bit. And I just finally remember saying I'd had so much pain. I was like, love is the most important thing. I just remember saying it out loud to myself. I confessed. It was like a confession out loud. Love is the most important thing. What is more important than learning to love people and let them love me? I just said it. And I remember saying it out loud because I was working the steps in there. And I think it's like step two or three is about surrendering to a higher power, surrendering our will. And so I first just confessed it. I'm ready. I just. I'm ready to do this. Like, it was so foreign to me. This was a year before I met Garen. And I just remember, like, I just said, I surrender my will. And it was just a first step. I had to confess it. That was me and the divine. It was me and God talking. And I dived into the 12 steps a little bit. And my path, it's often like this a little bit. It was more like this. But I regressed a little bit. I still went and did it my way. I still put off doing the relationship inventory for seven months. Russell Brand took five years. And here you got 12 weeks. You're gonna. You got less than that. Because we made accountability. Because I'm like, oh, it's because I didn't have any accountability anyway. So I went and did my will. Still, God was showing like, hey, here's your pain, here's the truth. You're seeing the truth of your life. And I'm saying, I surrender and it's an act. And I did it some levels, just the confession and starting to look at it. And I started to look into trauma and addiction. I was moving it, but I wasn't really fortified yet. I was still fucking around. And I got some more pain. And then eventually I went through some more pain. And so then the pain ensued. And after I had enough pain and I went fully sober from all of it, I was like, okay, I'm not doing that. And so as I got more sober, I had more clear thinking and I was just naturally drawn to continuing back to what I said. Love is the most important thing. God is love. Love. Love is God. God is all encompassing. I'm like, well, if I really say that's true, then who am I being? Am I being that? What do I need to do to become more that? Just to me, orientating towards that, to me was an act of surrender. I'm defining God as this all omnipresent, being just the ineffable in love. And like, I just like, like I know I can't go wrong surrendering my life to that. Surrendering, meaning I'm going to give up all of my other strategy. Like, if I know I could just feel in the truth that that was true for me, I'd had enough. What else is more important than being a fucking loving human being? And if you look at Jesus Christ, this, you know the two commandments. Love God with all your heart, mind and soul, and then love your neighbor the same. You're fulfilled. You're. Then you're fulfilling it. And so I just kept moving towards that. I was looking like I'm getting anything that's in the way of that, I'm out. And then I would look along the way, I would see that still part of me that wants to go chase money or wants to make that important wants to do that job. Before I knew what I was calling to being dude, I was called to share this with people, share support people through trauma, help them in their relationships. That was a loving act to me. I wish I could just sense that that was there. And then I would. And as I tried it, I would listen and I would see I would be rewarded. And I see that I was becoming more loving. I could see that there were fruits being born from that. And I just kept leaning in and I prayed and I prayed and I prayed. And for me, when I'm listening for if I'm living God's will, I'm listening for if I am in pain and suffering and shame and guilt and low energy, that's not God's will in my book. That's something else. My mind has come in. I need to take a step back and reorientate. I need to see where I've missed the mark. And then what I do, I always. What do I do to get back into my view? And this is just my practice again. I'm not saying this is the truth. This is how I've learned so far. And I'm still learning. I'm a student. Look at Russell Brand. He's converted. He's even talking. He's a student. Very wise man. He's a student for me. I'm listening and I'm asking myself, like, I'm telling God to use me. I'm praying. I'm looking at the fruits in my life. Am I becoming more loving and more compassionate? Am I becoming? Am I. Am I loving people more? Am I loving God more? And I try to just make it simple. Am I doing that? And if I'M not doing that. What am I worshiping? Because you're always worshiping something. Am I worshiping God and love and these qualities, or am I worshiping something else? Am I worshiping the money or the chase of a relationship or this business or whatever it is? And I use the feedback of like what's occurring in my life. I'm looking at the fruits. You'll. You'll know that it says in the. You'll know them by their fruits. Are they living it? And I check. Am I living it? I look for my hypocrisies. I'll tell you. Today I'm sitting here talking with Dorian and Jacob about some things I'm learning in my psychology about learning and serving people. This is a big one. So I'm enamored by German new medicine. You know, you're in German new medicine. And I'm seeing some deep truth as I start to embody and go through some processes. And my whole thing is I want to make all the work that I'm doing obsolete. Meaning I want to make metamorphosis obsolete so that it actually metamorphoses into something completely different than in two or three years that there's. We've reached something else that's possible, that it's faster for people to come back just straight feeling whole and at peace. And so I, I was sitting here with, talking them to them. We're talking, I'm talking about the things that I've embodied in and see. And I remember as I started to go down German new medicine, there was this ego that came in like, well, my, my. The soul knew that there was truth in it. But if I go down this and I just. And I, and I get deeper truths, what will that mean about the work that I'm leading in the world? Ah, I saw that part of me like, oh, don't go down there because then what if you don't? What if it's going to take? And I said, oh, that's not God speaking. That's my ego of trying to control. I want to follow truth. Is this making my life better? Am I becoming more loving and more. Yeah, great, let me keep learning that and integrating it and sharing real time. And so I'm sitting here talking to Jacob and I'm trying to convey and transmit this over to them inside of this conversation. I said, look, you guys, I'm not here to argue for what I'm already doing. I'm here to look for what's possible and find out all the fallacies because it's not are we full of shit right now? So it's not are we full of shit? It's where are we full of shit right now? That we don't see? The very nature of a breakthrough is that we were wrong about something. So what makes us think the next breakthrough we have, we've got it. And so I'm looking for, always looking to align with truth and checking in the fruits, my spiritual fruits. Is that's the best view I can, I can transmit over right now. Right. And there's stages of that. Right, Right. But first it starts with a confession. It gets clear on is this really, is this important? Have you had enough of the old way? Are you willing to make a declaration that I am committed to love, I am committed to truth, I am committed to service, I am committed to serving God and humans. I am committed to loving people the best of my ability and clearing out what's in the way of that. And then just look, are you actually surrendered to that or has something pulled you that you're trying to control or manipulate? That's away from that to me, that's away from God's will. That's the best I could articulate it right now. I'll try to give you some, some different stories. You know, I had all my mind justification where I was like, ah, no, I gotta keep. I'm gonna. I was in the solar industry at one point making like $30,000 a month. But I knew that that's not where I was supposed to be sharing my gifts. But the money was good. That's wasn't God's will. I had a bigger mission. I had a way bigger calling to fulfill. But I was hooked by the money. Thinking, I can't make that over here. I can't provide for myself at this way or be a great provider if I go this way. That's not God's will. It was not God's will for me, but I had to. I had to slow down and listen and pray and open and attune. Now what we do in here is. It's rooted, meaning us. Where we're coming from is we know that God's the one doing all this, not us. And what we're trying to transmit and work people through is that if you come from a place of recognizing that God is the Purifier, not you. Don't try to purify yourself before coming to me. I am the purifier. Really let that land reflect on that. See if you can hear that it's letting go of the will and surrendering to spirit and love and letting that process itself purify you. God versus you trying to go fix and control everything in your life. But. And what we're doing in here is we recognize that the noise to signal ratio is off a lot for people, meaning all that gunked up trauma and limiting beliefs and all those places where y'all see you weren't telling the truth or being responsible. You're running a racket. That stuff keeps you from God. Always there, but you can't hear it because you're swimming in the mind. And so we're doing is creating an environment and telling you that it's not us. We're here bringing God into this or our connection to higher power because we've seen that's what really does it. And when you're swimming in all that stuff, you won't. It's harder for you to hear the depth of what we're speaking about. But we're planting seeds in your consciousness the whole way through and we're tilling that soil with you, clearing out the weeds and the debris and toxins. So then you just get it. You just wouldn't even think like, wow, I'm not going to try to control and fight this anymore. Like, this is way better. This whole divine will is way better than what I had in mind. Way better. Because my imagination is limited to me. Why the fuck would I want that? There's something so much more ineffable and comprehensible. And I believe our work is in doing whatever it is to open to that. And that itself is an act of surrender because it takes you off all the other strategies and the where you can find. If I'm not doing God's will is usually where it's trying to feed your sense of self and ego. More money. This relationship will heal it. I'll get this title, I'll go through this certification, or I'll build this identity. And that's it. That's like, that's not it. It's taking you away in my view. Taking you away. So this is some, some just framing in a bunch of different ways stories does that, is that supportive? Yes.

[66:37] Speaker C: So I have like one other question to go on top of that. Is the sacrificing part synonymous with surrender? Or like what are we sacrificing? Like are we sacrificing like our views and like the untruths? I know that it's like undoing ourselves, which I've been doing.

[66:55] Speaker A: An example, I sacrifice $30,000 a month to start something completely different.

[67:04] Speaker C: So sacrificing, that's just one.

[67:07] Speaker A: I'm just giving you one. Yeah, I'll give you a bunch of examples, but just you got to hear beyond the words. I sacrificed $30,000 a month in solar. My soul knew that I was here to make a different impact. But I, but I wanted to feed my will and strategy. I need more money. I need this, this will make me secure. I placed my security and provision in the money and that job versus what I, I, I knew was serving love and serving God. And I eventually pulled away. If you bring forth what is within you, what you bring forth will save you. If you do not bring forth what you, if you do not bring forth what is within you, what you do not bring forth will destroy you. The Gospel of Thomas. I saw that truth that I was hiding from what I was knew I was just bringing forth and I was making myself sick and distracting myself. When I got into alignment with God's will, abundance and blessings and all that came, I had, I sacrificed that part. I had no idea where the money. But you know what, check this out. I don't tell, I haven't told this one publicly. I, right when I made that declaration In October of 2022, it was two years after I, I first said I was going to surrender to love. And then two years later when I fully committed myself to service and coaching and stepping out of the solar industry. I've been mentoring people for years, but I just didn't, I was like, I'm going to do this full time. I've got plenty of life experience to support people. And I made that declaration. I got in alignment with God's will. Two months later I had some, just some incredible thing happened to me for financial retirement that had me become financially retired the rest of my life. Just a total gift from God. And I, when that happened, I was like, this is wild. And for me I just knew, like I now got to be a good steward of that. I knew that I was given that because I got in alignment. God was making a way, he was making a way for me. But I had to be willing to, I let go of the soldier. I had no idea where clients were going to come from any of this. Like, I just knew and I just started and then that happened. I was like, and I just knew. Thank you. I will be a good steward of this. I know that this could be taken from me in any moment and I, and I'm committed. But I had, I had already committed and I can Tell you how many times when I let go of my will, when I. Because this is human nature, we got to look for it. Where I'm straying off into what I want, my agenda. And I come back to love and the truth when I. Every time. I mean, it's just like more abundance. It's just, it's. I always say spirit moves fast. And I've sacrificed other things. I left relationships that were comfortable in this. I've let go of certain things that. Like that I couldn't see the unknown. But I'm gripping at this because I've placed the attachment. If I don't have that, I won't be safe or secure. Or if I don't have that money, that's placing my security or provision in the world, not in God. That's where the pain and suffering comes. Attachment is the root of all suffering. These people were figuring this shit out thousands of years ago. So that's what I say. I'm going to open up to some more people. But sacrifice comes in many ways. But when you're walking the path of the new age, pulling from all the things that feel good, there's no sacrifice and there's no devotion. I'm just only going to do the stuff that keeps feeding my ego and validating my sense of self and coddling me. And this is good. And I get this peak experience and no sacrifice. It's like I call it. The new age is like the polyamory of relationships. There's no devotion to monogamy require. It does require something way different. So do with that what you will. It's meant to reflect on and struggle with and look. And we'll create assignment around it too to deepen it. Go ahead, Rudy.

[71:06] Speaker D: So you had me laughing or just giggling this whole call in comparison to the 30 day one where you started talking, I was bawling the whole entire time. So yeah, the last one was Judith was on it. So I come from very deep programming, religious programming. So when I went on there with Judith, like I felt the connection. Right. So now it's like more about devotion. So when you're talking about Garen, there's a story where I was going through something last month and panicking, doing breathwork, positive thinking, and it just wasn't working. And what you said that Garen told you, it's like you've tried everything else, so. Right. So I got down on my knees and I prayed and yeah, it was the. I couldn't even. I like so many years of programming with like praying and I kept, like, reworking it in my. In my head. Like, no, I want to surrender and give it all up. So I kept, like, talking in different ways. So it's like 30 minutes of prayer on my knees, crying and bawling. And so that was the. I'm crying because it was. It was so deep.

[72:21] Speaker A: Yes.

[72:21] Speaker D: And it felt so great. Right. So I finally felt that connection, and it shifted everything for me. It also shifted my relationship with my parents. Like, now when they have, like, their devotion songs going on in the background. Instead of putting my headphones on to, like, untrigger myself, I was jamming to one of them with my dad, and he's like, oh, this is your favorite one. And I don't have that trigger. But now that you're talking about devotion, that's where I have resistance. Like, there's a. And I know now when we were talking, I'm like, there's this part of me that says, yeah, but you vowed never to go back into, like, praying and. And being that person.

[73:04] Speaker A: What. What person were you being?

[73:07] Speaker D: Well, not so much that. Me that person, but, like, the people in the church, I never thought they were hypocritical. It's more like I see their faith and they live it. I just didn't want to be them.

[73:18] Speaker A: But what were you. What would you vow that you would never go back to is what I'm interested in. That's. You said something. I. Yeah, I was like, I would.

[73:30] Speaker D: Go back to being, like, a church person.

[73:34] Speaker A: What does that mean for me?

[73:36] Speaker D: It's like, to me, I. I correlated for a long time. Like, their faith is so deep and intense. That's. That they're committed to the church and to their faith. So to me, like, part of me, when I think about faith and devotion and, like, we would go to church five times a week. Like, it's a sacrifice of life that give to God, and it's like, I don't want to be that. I vowed never to be that again.

[74:02] Speaker A: Vowed to be what? Because there's a sacrifice, and then there's a way of being. So making them distinct. To be what?

[74:13] Speaker D: I get one of them to have that faith. Like they do. Like, I don't want to be part of that.

[74:20] Speaker A: Okay. So notice how you're focusing on what you don't want to be. Yeah, so when you focus on. When I'm focusing on what I don't want to be, then I'm not being myself. I'm being what I don't want to be. And so it's like, well, who do I want to be? And. And you got to also look at what you got wrapped up in your psyche around other people's devotion and what it looks like, because, you know, even the body of Christ. The body of Christ is the church. And so people would say is, how can you love Christ if you don't love the church? And I'm not talking about just a physical building or a structure. We're talking about a group of people that share devotion. And so you look, this is where I'll share. What I've been coming into as I've been really reflecting on devotion is I just keep getting this call to. To only to, mainly at this stage of my life, put myself around other people that are in devotion because there's calibers of the level of community we surround ourselves with. I'm not interested in being around people that are just connected to something. I'm interested in being around people that are devoted to something because you're like, the people you're around. And so that's why this was spoken about. The church is a powerful place. Even Garen goes to church. Garen goes to church every week even. He's. I was speaking with him about it, you know, it's like. And I asked him. I was like. He was like, yeah. He was just telling me about how he related to it. He's like, I go. Because it's. I'm. I'm in the spirit with people. I got it. I already knew. I just wanted to validate it because I see all my challenges with going to church and my judgments and this. But I'm like, that's God purifying me in that process. It's still showing me where all my judgment is in separation and this. Remember, Notice that I'm not talking about the frequency or saying, you have to go. I'm not saying any of that. I'm just breaking down. What is the church? It's a group of people that are devoted to love and truth. And guess what? Are there hypocrites there? Sure. Are there hypocrites right here? Yes. Like my brother said to me, he goes, dude, now that I'm older and I can hear it, and my brother's got a lot of wisdom in this arena. He says, my brother's actually gonna baptize me next Saturday. My mom is going to be there. I'm going to get baptized in the lake by my house. My brother and my mom is going to be in town. It's like, ah, it's such a big deal. For me. But anyways, he was saying, he's like Jeremiah, he's like, of course there's going to be people. He's like, the church is a hospital for sinners, sinners to miss the mark. Sinners that basically feeding everything that's not love and truth. Of course there's going to be gossip. Of course there's going to be hypocrites. That's what it's really for. Of course there's going to be people in these communities that project onto Jacob and I and complain about shit and maybe fight like that's the nature of being human. That's why we're coming together. Because if we can't stand the rigors of community, we'll be left to the devices of our own mind. We're meant to be in and call each other forward and bring things to the light. So it's like, and like I said, it's talked about for thousands of years ago, the body of Christ. If you love Christ, you would love the church. The church is the body of Christ and it isn't. I'm not talking about just going to a physical structure with people. It could be a people that you're around. Am I discerning? Are these people living their own path of devotion in some way? How do I know what are their fruits? What do they talk about? How do they live? You start discerning your community and what you put yourself in around that. Wow. Wow.

[78:00] Speaker D: I think, I think well, because I don't see them as hypocritical like my parents. I think their faith is so beautiful because they live and breathe it like they are committed to it. And everybody that's around them and that come and the friends. I get along with them and I don't judge them and I, I see that, that they're pure and they're committed to it. If there's just this resistance in me of like this part of devotion that I'm going to now become and I'm. I know I'm not going to go back to their faith, but there's part of me that resistance be that like.

[78:31] Speaker A: I don't, like, I don't know that you don't know how.

[78:34] Speaker D: How do I surrender to devotion if I'm like resisting it at the same time?

[78:38] Speaker A: So I. You, I. I never would imagine that I would have come back. I was fudge. Went full blown atheist. Here I am reading the Bible, like wow, this is like the prodigal son story. I went out there, there's a. I was talking to this one guy here that was with Jacob and I, this guy's been studying the Bible lot. He studies at a who level is like crazy. He's walked the path of sovereignty, like getting rid of his driver's license, all sorts of stuff. Like, I don't know if any of you guys know about the path of sovereignty anyways. This guy's a wizard. And we were talking about. He's like, he. When I was telling him about this full journey, and he goes, yeah, that's the. The story of the 99 sheep. You know, the one sheep goes away and the. The Lord goes and looks for that one sheep. The sheep comes back. The one that goes away comes back. And so it's like, you want to look for, I'll never come to the faith like them, or I don't want to be like them. And this, it's just like, just notice that you're doing all of that and just notice it and because inside of that you're making something wrong. It's just. Why do you even focus on that versus focusing on who you want to be right now? And what I'm called to right now versus what I don't want.

[79:53] Speaker D: I guess I'm clear on what I don't want than I. What I do want.

[79:57] Speaker A: You're, you know, you're focusing on the lack and the negativity and the complaint.

[80:04] Speaker D: Yeah. In. In this only arena, like everything else, I'm like, positive. And then this one is like, I.

[80:12] Speaker A: Think I. I just. My view, I think the church is the best place for you. I can say it because I'm doing it. I see when I go, I'm like, I can't wait to. I'm going back to Austin next week. And I like, I love going to church now because it's. It is the purified training grounds for me. It shows me where all of that little stuff where I want to judge, where I got my. My judgments or this or that, or don't tell me what to believe. The authority. And I just got. Again, I'm a fucking adult now. I'm not the little kid with the religious trauma or the hypocrisy is like, I'm a fucking grown man. I can get in here and be in the spirit and I can hold nuance and discern what's true. And I get to utilize the environment and God showing me where all of my resistance is. And I don't want to be like that and look at that person. That's the very thing we're trying to get Cleared up. What better place to put yourself? Why are you resisting that? Get right into it. Go sign up. Go volunteer there. Watch what happens to your heart. And guess what? It doesn't mean anything about you. It doesn't mean you have to devote your whole life to. It doesn't mean any of that. But you have so much resistance that you keep looking at the resistance in that, and you'll. And then it's going to block you from drawing closer to something that could actually, you know, free you up from all of that resistance and judgments and things you don't like. That's the cosmic joke of it all. Yeah.

[81:48] Speaker D: I don't want to laugh yet.

[81:52] Speaker A: Hey, I can. I can only say I've been doing it. I. I've been doing it for years, and I just. And sometimes I. I remember last time I was in Austin, it was back in. Was it November? I got really triggered, but it was me. I was on my phone checking something, and they were taking communion, and I just didn't want to take communion yet. And this. This older lady behind me is, like, tapping on my shoulder, and she's like, are you a follower of Christ? And she's like, are you a believer? And I was like, yeah. She's like, well, you're gonna take communion. I'm like, ah, I don't think so today. But she was, like, getting in my. My business and stuff. And I was like, I saw all my irritability and don't tell me what to do. Mind your own business. It was all that voice going, that's not the loving human being. Where else am I going to get that? You got it. That's. You can't hear that. It's going to take you quite a bit longer to clean some of that stuff out. Church is a great place because it's meant. It's, you know, the rigors of community. I showed you that. That video about being. Did I show you the adult, like, versus childlike video? Did we watch that before? Some of y'all seen it? Don't know. Ah, this is. This is the perfect time I'm gonna show. It's like a minute and a half long. And this will drive this point home. Give me two seconds. What day was that? Deep dive. Give me.

[83:19] Speaker D: My parents do have a big church thing coming up, so I guess I'm going to. That.

[83:25] Speaker A: It's. It's. It's. Look, it's. You gotta. It's. You're in the spirit.

[83:30] Speaker D: Oh, sorry.

[83:32] Speaker A: It's okay. I'm gonna find this for everybody. Because it's really. Everything that I just shared will make sense at a different level. Give me one. Okay, download. There we go. I'm gonna open my share screen. Check this out. This is. Hold on. Share screen. So this part for everybody again, you. You gotta. You gotta listen, hear the words underneath. This isn't about just a physical structure, okay? This isn't about. It isn't even about going to a religious organization. It's one area of a church, let's say. Okay, watch this. Listen.

[84:49] Speaker E: Nowhere in the scriptures are you ever called an adult of God. Nowhere in the word of God are you ever called an adult of God. But you, you. You move around God like an adult. Adults are set in their ways. Adults. Nobody can't tell them nothing. Adults want to do what they want.

[85:07] Speaker A: With their own money.

[85:08] Speaker E: Adults are going to have their own will. Adults are rebellious. Adults don't surrender. Adults want glory. Adults want status. Adults love titles. Adults love positions. Adults like to compare. Adults like to fight. Adults want to be seen. Nowhere in the scripture are you ever called an adult. Everywhere in the New Testament, you're only called a child of God. And you can fool me, but you can. You can't fool the Lord. He knows those of you who are adult, like, nasty, and those of you.

[85:35] Speaker A: Who are childlike, like humble.

[85:38] Speaker B: The people who tear up churches are the people who act like adults.

[85:42] Speaker E: And you will not be able to survive the rigors of community when you don't act like a child.

[85:50] Speaker A: So the rigors of community, being in community, being with other people, humbling yourself. How. How do you learn to do that? By. By seeing where you're not humble, having it reflected back to you, being challenged, having to deal with conflict and confrontation, seeing all the parts of ourselves that are unloving. And when you're in a group of people that are devoted to something, guess what? There's not. There's a lot less space and tolerance for that parts of ourselves to exist because we got to remember what are we orientated towards. And so there's a lot of wisdom. If you could hear. If you could just hear that video. So this community is one area. There's communities in your life. Church is a great place. The actual physical church is too. But what I'm speaking about is more distinct. It's not just your little neighborhood community hangout or you're going to play bowling with some friends. I'm talking about people that are devoted to something. It's a higher caliber. And things are going to come up. Right? And are we humble enough? Are we willing to look at our stuff. Like, I just shared with you what happened to me in November. I had to, oh, wow. I saw that part of myself. I was like, okay, there's a little boy that's chill, still trying to defend himself and push away authority. I've been dealing with that my whole life. That's my karma to deal with this in this lifetime. But the more I check it out, the more that that's brought to the light, and I can see it, and I can offer that up, I can pray, and I can work on that part of myself. The more my spiritual and material fruits grow, the closer I get to God. So why wouldn't I want to use. Utilize every environment where that stuff can come up? I'm like, this stage of my life, I'm like, throw myself into it. Give it to me. Show me what I can't see. Or you can just play the game of I'm gonna resist it all and I'm resisted. Or you can just say, you know what? I'm done with that story. I'm gonna throw myself into the resistance choice. You see what one way gives you. Try another way and have fun with it. I've. It's. It's been a lot of fun. It's been a lot of fun. It's been. It's. Bet that to me is, like, better than most personal development courses. I mean, that's a. This is a pat. It's a large group of people devoted, and I get to see my around, and it's like, oh, okay, I see it. Okay. Okay. Versus in a lot of other, you know, areas I could, you know, outsmart. I can maneuver around. I want to put myself in the places where I'm really triggered and look and be responsible for it and deal with that part of myself. Cool. Yummy. Hello.

[88:53] Speaker F: First of all, congratulations on your upcoming baptism.

[88:56] Speaker A: Thank you.

[88:57] Speaker F: You're welcome. So I just wanted to reflect on the. The connection and the devotion piece that came into play last week for me. That was huge. So I. I feel I am very connected and very devoted. I pray daily while I shower because I'm, you know, double downing on my time. But what I had realized is I had gotten into a routine, right? So, like, you brush your teeth, you don't think about it. You grab the toothpaste, you grab the. So it was a routine. It was the same words over and over, right? There wasn't. There wasn't the honesty of what's happening today or what traumas I need to deal with. It was just the words over and over and over. Not that they weren't true, it was just, they weren't maybe pertinent any, you know, today, right? And so one of the things that I'm consistently asking for is a greater connection within my community, within the religion that I, that I'm in and more knowledge and things of that nature. And so on my birthday last week, an elder came from Las Vegas and so I was called and asked to interpret because he doesn't speak English very well. And I was like, fuck. Like it's my birthday and I have all these things planned and you know, with my family and with work. And I was like, like, you know, birthdays are huge in our family. And I was like, I almost said no. And then I was like, I took a minute and I was like, I've been asking for this, right? I've been asking for this connection, I've been asking for this knowledge, I've been asking for this training. Like, even though it was just interpreting, I knew what else went along with it. And so I was like, okay. I was also in the middle of switching brokerages with real estate and so it was kind of just screwing up my whole every everything. And I was like, how can I still be in integrity? So I text my family and I was like, I'm sorry, I can't, I have to go do this. It's for my religion and you know, hold God first thing, spirit first thing. And so I texted the real estate people and I was like, hey, something's come up. I will come back on Friday or Saturday. I'm not sure of my time commitment yet. And then there was a part of me that was in lack and I was like, I'm not going to see my clients, I'm going to reschedule them and I'm going to be out that money, right? But I was like, okay, I'm doing this. I took a deep breath, I made all those, those texts, calls, everything I had to do. And I served. I served with an open mind and I served with all my heart and I just gave. And I still got two birthday cakes and I still got to spend a little bit of time in the evening with my family. But the greater thing that came of it was I was not expecting financial compensation. And I got probably five times the amount I would have made in seeing my clients. And I was asked, there's something that we do which is it's basically like being godparents to people. It's a lifelong commitment. It's a year long journey where we completely go in service as I was asked to be the co. Co God parent, which is huge. Like huge in our religion. Next week though, like, we leave. Actually, I'm sorry, this week. So we leave Wednesday. We're gone for a week and a half. And then I was like, oh, I can't do that because of metamorphosis. And I was like, no, it's gonna align. And so I just told them. I was like, I have this class. I have two days at least minimum that are non negotiable. Can we work around that? And can I need time to do my homework? And they were like, yeah, of course. We'll make it work. And so for me it was just like, wow, I'm always trying. I realized where I'm trying to control things and where I'm trying to blame other people for my lack of, oh, I can't do this because that. But if I just serve from the heart and am honest with everyone, then it all just works out right. And so for me it was that those aha. Moments of one, I'm not honoring what's present. I'm just saying these prayers I've been saying all along. And then two, when. When I'm blessed with the opportunities, I've in the past found ways to work around it. And this time I just went all in. In all areas. And it. I'm blessed.

[93:48] Speaker A: Great. I don't have anything else to add. I'm happy for you. That's powerful. Keep it up. You know, to me it's a continual. Just if I'm. I'm praying for something, I'm listening. I'm listening for the way it shows up. And oftentimes it's not the ways I anticipate it and. And you know, continue to release all my attachments to how it's supposed to look and just seeing what's there. Thank you for sharing, Yamia.

[94:13] Speaker F: You're welcome. Thank you.

[94:15] Speaker A: Yeah. Noel, actually, I had not heard from anyone. Someone I want to hear from first before I. Inger, I don't think I got to hear from Inger live. And I've heard from everyone else. And Kaylin, I want to hear from first Inger, Kailyn, and then Julia and then Denise. Denise as well. Inger, go ahead. Hi. Hi.

[94:40] Speaker G: A lot I feel coming up right now for this call and it's this. It's a huge split for me. Like I've been studying Jesus and Mary Magdalene and. And my devotion to God and like the way I view God.

[94:57] Speaker A: A word.

[94:57] Speaker G: I'm still Trying to get back to is like, it's huge. It's expansive. It's just this deep love. And now when you're talking and this, like, religious trauma. And I realize now, listening to you, that it's me that I'm unable to bow myself. I feel like I have to submit or like, to, like, lower myself to people who I feel is not truly deserving. So I just see that, like, yeah, there is this resistance I feel, which is a huge part of my journey to really, really get in devotion on, like, all over, kind of, if that makes sense.

[95:45] Speaker A: Can you clarify what you mean to that you said bow to people?

[95:50] Speaker G: No, not like to submit. Kind of like to. To say that. I like to just say that. To go back to church and to. To just like, they are. Right.

[96:06] Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.

[96:07] Speaker G: Their way of Christianity is kind of.

[96:12] Speaker A: Yeah. So you're in a game of wanting to be right?

[96:15] Speaker G: Yes, I am. Or wanting to be allowed to be everything that I feel I am, but I feel I cannot be all that I am within church.

[96:28] Speaker A: Maybe you can't. Yeah, maybe this is the whole thing of sacrifice. I'm not going to go into church, and I'm not going to be engaging in prostitution in church. I can't do that. It's not allowed there. I can go. I can go there and I can like, hey, I have been living this and I can confess and I can be held accountable and I can be called forward. But, yeah, we wouldn't. We wouldn't allow. Like we said last week, the lie the world will tell you is they love you and accept you as you are. No, we'll love you as you are, but we're not going to accept that behavior that you know at your core is in this. So guess what? There are going to be certain things. You can't get on the soccer team if you. If you're out on the field and you're required to wear cleats and you don't show up. You can't play if you don't have the cleats. You can't be allowed in the surgery room if you haven't gone to med school. You can't bring your. Your. Your big ass fluffy dog on the plane that. This oversized dog. There's not enough room. Everywhere you go, there's ways of being and things that you have to play in. That's just life. There's sacrifice. And really, if you look at their sacrifice in all areas of life, there's certain standards and ways of being in all areas of life. This isn't nothing. This isn't new. This isn't even radical. You're already playing that game in the world in other areas. And so you look at some other game that I've got. Yeah, it's about I want to be. I don't. Oh, if I go, this is a confession of their right. Well, I don't see that. You say I'm submitting to them. No, I'm submitting to God, not people. That's a distinction. That's a big ass distinction. You know, when I saw. I've grappled with decades around the Resurrection, when I had this mystical experience of seeing the Resurrection, I just, I remember crying out. I was like, I submit. I submit my will and my way at the ultimate level. Like, I don't give a what people think or this or my old ways or my humility with my brother. Like, no, I want to learn from you. I got it. I see it. I submit my, my ego and I'm better than. My path is this and that all has to die. You're not. It's not doing it over to them, it's doing it to whatever that is for you. And that's what I think. That's it.

[98:59] Speaker G: Yeah, I think that's this, this thing. Oh my English. Because it's like the people and. But then it's God then like.

[99:12] Speaker A: Yeah, you're still at war with them. You're still in the, the, the right and wrong game with them. Yeah, that keeps us separate from people. That's that righteousness. I know better. My path is this. Like I'm just not. I just don't play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Yeah, this is the, this is the Take up the cross and follow me dying to that part of yourself. Yeah.

[99:46] Speaker G: But like the things that are truly alive within oneself, like the things that you truly feel are like the bigger picture way of viewing the world. But that is not allowed. Like that, that way of thinking is not in church that is like deemed completely wrong or like it.

[100:10] Speaker A: I don't know.

[100:11] Speaker G: Yeah, they classify even yoga as like sinful.

[100:16] Speaker A: Ah, this is good. Okay, so let's look and break this down a little part. Not so much that yoga is sinful, it's that how most people are relating to yoga as they place it before God. That's what they're trying to say. But if you're too hung up on hearing yoga is sinful or thinking that yoga is sinful or this, then you're still in the war. It takes a consciousness to look. Are they the best at communicating and breaking things down sometimes. Maybe not. I know, but I. But I listened. I follow people that can really get it across. Like, don't have sex before marriage. There's so much wisdom in that that I've had to learn through hard lessons, but they don't know how to. I believe that they could do a better job at communicating sexual energy. And when you're taking on other. Like, we can go down that whole road. But when they're saying yoga is sinful. No, I. Because I watched a lady who was a Kundalini Yoga teacher studied from one of the founders of it. She's the total like Rastafarian type with the dreads. Lived it for years. She woke up, came back to got out of the world, the new age Kundalini yoga path. Came to her relationship with Christ. And she talks with people about. I was watching her testimony and this post had like 1500 comments on it. And she did a really good job breaking down. It's like, it's yoga. Like, there's one way to relate to like stretching and moving your body and this and that. And then there's another way where you're worshiping different poses or deities. AKA you're using yoga as the connection to God versus That's. That's what they're saying. You're putting it before you're worshiping that. That is to miss the mark. And so there is truth, but it's how it's communicated.

[102:03] Speaker G: How it's communicated. And then the rest of the people. Let's twist it in another way.

[102:11] Speaker A: Oh, what? So what? So what? Do you want to keep being bothered and let your life be bothered by that? No. Guess what? We're gonna twist what I say some people on here are gonna have their around and they're gonna. They miss the mark. They'll project onto Jacob and I. It's not just people in church. It's everywhere. So why focusing on that versus focusing on how much more embodied and clear of a communicator do I become? How much more embodied like Christ do I become versus Ah, this is wrong and what will they think and all that. So what take your mind off of that? That is that you're doing the very. That you're doing the very thing the sin. You're focusing on the negativity and the lack and the limitation around it. Give it up. You've played that game enough. Play a different game.

[102:58] Speaker D: Yeah.

[103:01] Speaker G: I hear you.

[103:03] Speaker A: Great. I can be this intense and passionate because I played that game. I had great mentors who Said, dude, you want to keep. Go create what you want, then go create how you want it to be. Be an embodiment of it versus focusing on what's wrong.

[103:19] Speaker G: Yeah, but these kind of communities were where people are truly devoted and like, what do you say? Better at communicating this. I feel like it's so hard to even find somewhere like that.

[103:34] Speaker A: Nope, nope, nope. You're still running. There's. There's your racket. Go watch the racket again. Listen to yourself. You're just running it. You create it. Guess what? You can find. It's there, it's out there. But you have your. That blinds you from seeing it. Then you also. You'll create. Create it. I create communities of people. Like I create it through my being. I can share it because I'm living it and I can walk people through how like Garen created. Garen created me in the sense and language. He created a. A context for which I could relate to this and see it, and then I could step into it and I could relate to him at a higher level and I could call him and go deep with him about. And then. And then I can now create it in language, a context, in an environment for people to see it. And guess what? Then I got a bunch of people to relate to in it. I used to ask my mentor when I was living in a different stage of consciousness, I'm like, doesn't it get really lonely up there? And this and that when you've. You've gone so far and how you see the world. And he goes, sometimes it can be a little bit challenging. But he's like, but I just create environments where people can rise up and play the game with me. That's perfect.

[104:54] Speaker G: I'm on my small island of 2, 000 people. So creating it sounds good. Yeah, you open up a lot for me.

[105:02] Speaker A: And you don't have to be, you know, yes, you're on your island, but you're not confined to your island. You got a pretty strong passport. You can go wherever you want. Yeah, there's plenty of it out there for you. You just gotta look at all of this mind stories you have that keep you from. It's. It's everywhere. Cool.

[105:25] Speaker G: Thank you. Thank you. I'm enjoying this direct feedback.

[105:29] Speaker A: Yeah, we just cut through all that. Other. Other people will pull that apart to the ends of the earth. And yeah, I just know it's like it's all here. Be transformed by the renewing of your mind. I gotta keep flushing out all that old that's given me the life that I have. Denise, I want to keep getting some people. Thank you. Anger Denise and then Julia and then Kaylin. Oh, that audio is not gonna.

[106:03] Speaker H: Is this better?

[106:04] Speaker A: That's better. You want to disconnect the audio from the other one?

[106:11] Speaker H: My question is. Okay. Sometimes I find myself like praying with like almost like in a help hopeless place. Like please, please, like I'm wondering if that's the right place. Like should I be in a powerful place? But you also say like, like God is the purifier. And yeah, that's where I feel confusion a little like it feels like kind of I am taking the cake, you know, before it's time. When I do that, it's feels like almost like resentful or like blaming something like, or like a victim energy. So yeah, that feels a little confusing for me.

[107:10] Speaker A: Well, you know, I read and I read this story about this woman who was in the Holocaust from a book not too long ago. And I always like to first look. It's like there are people that have been in the harshest conditions known to man who that live their life as a prayer and, and aren't being victims. So I just like to have that as a perspective. You know, it's like, wow, what am I, why am I acting like this? And just like, I just like not to minimize my situation, but to give it some perspective. And, and I like I, I had that video saved somewhere, but it was a great pastor's talking about. It's like, you know, bring it all. You bring it all, all to God. Just bring it all. Not the good parts or not just the asking. It's just like, oh, like I'm dealing with this and this not from a victim state, but just like, hey, this is the truth of what I see, how I'm dealing with it. Here's what I'm doing. I'm having a conversation out loud like I'm talking to a homeboy friend. That's what all I can tell you is what how I pray. I like that frame from Garen really helped me. And then I, I, I've done other things where I will. I'm just going to give you models and then I'm going to also encourage you. This is like we're not giving you prescriptions. It can give you a model tell you like here and then there's so and it plants a seed for you to learn how to fish versus just give you a fish. And so you also, you get on chat GB I love chat GPT for prayer. I will get on Chat GPT and I will write out everything that I'm dealing with and I will tell it and I will have it, like, give. I want you to give me biblical perspectives and I want you to help me write a prayer based on what I'm going. And then I'll pray and then I'll. When I'm praying, I'm, like, feeling God and I'm praying and I'm looking at it ig I'll leverage technology to. To improve my prayer and what I'm working on. It's incredible. It's been incred. It's been incredible. And I will pray. I pray all sorts of different ways. I'll pray sometimes for a while. I was praying in the mornings. I'd start off with, God, please remove all fear, doubt, anxiety, insecurities and worries from my life. I'd say it five times out loud, and then I would say, I'm now free of all fear, doubt, anxieties, insecurities. You know, sometimes I'd get up and say I prayed for God, that I wouldn't deceive myself. Today, I. There's, you know, when things are happening. We talked about a simple practice. I didn't. I'll share it now on the call. But one that I really love is offering up. Whenever I notice any of that contraction or I'm angry or so I just, like, catch myself. I was like, okay, I offer that up to you, God. That's not mine to carry. That's not me. That's not mine. I offer that up. I. I offer it up. I'll even throw my hands, like, offer that up to you. I'm dealing with God. I'm dealing with this. I've been challenged by this part in my life, and I'm just off. I offer that up to you. That's not mine. I'm not. That's not mine to carry. I give it up and just speak like that. Just talking and prayer is one medium. But I always ask people, it's like, you know, and it's great. It's absolutely necessary. There's so much power in prayer. When I got into devotion, there's also really power, power in reading Scripture, whatever path that's going to be for you. For me, again, it was. I started with a metaphysical Bible reading, the metaphysical translation and the literal. It's powerful for me. I wanted to hear from other people, stories and how they live and how they commune and how they see the world. It's like a. It's like a guidebook. If you want to learn how to, you know, pass a driver's test, you gotta. You gotta read the driver's manual. If you want to learn how to cook or create a fulfill a recipe, you got to read the recipe. If you want to learn how to do surgery, you're gonna have to study the textbooks. So I encourage people like, get down to the source. Get to the source and read it. And like I said, you want that stuff to wash away. You want the Coca Cola to flow out of the bottle. You want to flood your consciousness with the scripture and the words. Simple math. So I ask you, you know, have you been reading every day? Are you filling your consciousness with it, or are you still just struggling, trying to talk? Maybe learn how to talk. Maybe read the prayers and read the prayers in the Bible or the. What other tradition, whatever it's going to be for you. I'm not here to say which one's right or wrong, but I am to say get down to some source and start reading podcasts. You know, my brother was even telling me he's like, been listening because they talk about you listening you. When you hear it vocalize, it's different than reading it, hitting it from different mediums. He's listening to the. My brother's read the Bible so many times and studied it good, and now he's listening to it and audit when he's driving, when it's flooding your consciousness, guess what? That victimization is gonna soon drop out. You got enough frames. You've already got enough personal development work and spiritual work, you know, these, you know, and courses and hearing different frames. Now let that scripture penetrate your soul, Phil. Try that alongside praying. That's what I tell you. Go that route.

[113:08] Speaker H: Yeah.

[113:10] Speaker A: Listen less to me and Jacob and Garen and other people. And like I say, listen, listen, Listen to all the people out here. Listen. Listen to other people from thousands of years ago who were unencumbered from social media, and they were unencumbered from all the technology and these things of the world. People that were discovering truth at a whole nother level that was just so divine. Listen to them. Listen to what they wrote about God in different traditions. Go there.

[113:39] Speaker H: Also start watching the chosen.

[113:44] Speaker A: Powerful. Wow, that show just blows me away. Move to tears. It's, it's, it's seeing it. There you go. I like to teach people how to learn. It's like you're. You're reading, then you lit maybe listen to audio, having these powerful conversations, and you're watching it visually and it. The psych. You can start to interpret and See and learn in different ways. It'll land differently in different mediums. And you start to. You're just taking it on like I was reading the New Testament in the metaphysical translation and this deep contemplation and talking it out and challenge us business partners reflecting on it. And then I started watching the chosen alongside of it. And so then I'm seeing a visual representation of what I've been reflecting on my God. Profound. That's profound. Yeah. It's like what I've already read all these other business books and. And tried all this other stuff I want to do this way. And guess what? The fruits just keep getting better. It's like I'm turning away from all of that in the world. I get why my parents, like, I. I get what my brother and my mom. My mom's deeply wise woman. Wise not. Check it out. Wise, not even educated. Didn't finish high school. My mom can't spell some can't trouble reading certain words. But my mom is a wise biblical woman. Deep wisdom, overcome crazy levels of horror and trauma. And she would all. I always wondered why, like, when I would try to tell them stuff, they would always want, you know, they were very devoted. Well, who's the author? Is that author a Christian? Is that author this? And I was always so irritated some sometimes. But then when I got devoted, I understood why they're devoted and what they let into their consciousness in their space. And my parents are doing well, take that. See if you can hear that path of devotion and what you let in. And specifically what you're letting in is, you know, it matters. Great.

[116:00] Speaker H: Thank you.

[116:01] Speaker A: You're welcome. Julian and Kalyn.

[116:07] Speaker C: My original question got answered, but I have some more for it. But first, I want to know more about what you're reading it. Like, how does it take actual passages and kind of like translate it into.

[116:19] Speaker A: Yeah, there's a place called Unity Church. I just come to find out from my mentor. He's going to be at my baptism. He. Unity Church is from Kansas City. There's a guy named Charles fillmore from the 1800s who's way ahead of his time. Way ahead of his time was just to be able to break down the metaphysical parts of the Bible. And over 70 years, they've collected his sermons, his publications, his research, and they've had, like, people on the committee of the Unity Church, which is worldwide, basically. Take all of that and. And it's all free online. I've got the physical thick book of just the New Testament. So I read the literal part and Then I also read the metaphysical because for me I just couldn't, I couldn't grasp the literal. I was like, no, no, no, I'll tell you this, when I started reading him side by side, I both got the metaphysical. Like, that was more normal to me. But then it gave me access to understand and see for me, in my view, the truth of the literal. Now, unity, they see pretty much everything symbolically, metaphysically interpreted. And so but where I eventually, and I didn't see this coming, where I diverged from them is a girl who's Garen's right hand woman, Ashley, who works at Garen and his retreats and supports him. Yeah, she's, she's a good friend of ours and I, I was just sharing her, like how I've been like my, my walk with Christ and how like I can't believe the literal. And she just says to me, she goes, jeremiah, don't you think it could be a yes? And, and that challenged me. I was like, okay, maybe. But I was like, still resistant. This is back in November. And so I said, I'm gonna get into that Bible and I'm gonna read it both and I'm gonna look and I'm gonna contemplate, I'm gonna look the truth in my life and what I've experienced and what I see. And so the metaphysical actually opened me up to the literal, which I never saw coming. And that's for each person's own journey. But yeah, I'll share the resource in it and.

[118:31] Speaker C: Cool. One of them was online and you had the actual New Testament that you read. Is it all together or no?

[118:38] Speaker A: It's all together.

[118:40] Speaker C: Oh, perfect. Okay. Yeah, I would like a copy of that.

[118:43] Speaker A: Yeah, it's free online. They've tr. They've got a whole Old Testament and New Testament and then I got the physical copy and we sit around and read and reflect on it together. I mean, it's, it's profound for me. What? Because remember, all I said is I was looking for a way to make any of it accessible. So I was like, okay, I can wrap my head around the metaphysical. And then just all I can say is like, spirit spoke through me and I saw, I saw the whole way through, I just saw it. I can break that down another time. I, I want to share because it's important for me. I was in a mushroom experience two months ago. I hadn't done mushrooms like three and a half years. I was working very intentionally and psychedelics were an ally on my path to sobriety. And I'm in this river, in nature. And I have been reading this, studying it, having conversations with other people, deeply devoted and in this experience it really. But let me back up. There's a study by John Hopkins where they took top religious leaders from around the world and did a controlled like psychedelic experience with him. And all of them after it drew closer to their faith. And so I remember, I was like, I've known about this study for years. And so anyways, I'm in this, I'm in this river two, two months ago and, and here and, and I'm just studying it, reading it, looking, using ChatGPT, going deeper down for the truth. And I'm in there and I just. It starts in my psyche during this experience. It starts having me reflect on the resurrection again. And I'm like, is this true or not? What is this? And then it just shows me. It's like, okay, wait a second. I've had women come through metamorphosis who were dealing with all sorts of physical ailments and disease and things doctors couldn't figure out. Within two weeks of the program, it was gone. Doctors just marveled, that's a miracle. I'm not a miracle worker. I don't profess to be. I wasn't trying to make that happen. That's like a supernatural thing to me. And then I got my friend Jamie down here. She walks her path of devotion. She's a doctor and she did some hands on work with her mother. Her mother's cancer, gone. Dr. Joe Dispenza talking about the supernatural all the time. So I'm sitting in this psychedelic experience. I've been reading the metaphysical, I've been reading the literal. And I'm like, I'm reading about Jesus healing people. I'm reading about him healing people. I'm like, I get goosebumps. That's happening all around me now. I'm even a byproduct of that. I'm not trying. My close friend Jamie, Dr. Spencer. So many people, Mike. I don't think that the I. I'm grappling with is the resurrection real. Get the. And I just blew open. I just saw. I literally, I was like, I was there in this resurrection. That's the best I could articulate it. I submitted my will and my thinking and my agenda and my mind, trying to figure it all out. And then afterwards, like, I remember I called Garen while I was in the, like in that experience for like an hour. I called my parents and I just like, I saw it. I saw the metaphysical part of It. And I saw the literal. That was mine. And to me that's a, That's a journey. Not everyone believes that. There's, you know, some people don't believe the resurrection, some people believe this. That's for everybody to figure out on their own. All I can say is how I've come to it through a lot of suffering, through a lot of contemplation, through a lot of reading, through a lot of seeking the truth. And, and I saw that, that, that Bible is. I mean, it's profound. It's profound. And some people might stop at the metaphysical, some people might there. But any. Regardless, either way, seeking the truth will transform the consciousness. And I. And the last thing I'll say around is like, I was just really interested in how, you know, I believe that there's. There's all these religions and there's all these different paths. And like I'm, you know, I think there's something profound about how many. This guy that I recently met down here, Jacob and I, he kind of blew. Blew us open. And this guy has studied the Bible at another level. He took like the 16 of the dictionaries from like hundreds of years ago to understand what the words meant during the King James Version versus the modern day to. Because words meant different things. So everybody reads the Bible from. It's like there's levels to this. Anyways, he was telling me why. Because he was a brilliant brainiac. He looked at all these different paths. He explored some other different religions. But why he chose Christianity is because he's like, Christianity has like, I believe the most sex sects of all the religions. And his view is that because it's been. Most people tried to break it up. Most people have tried and it's still going. And it's still considered one of the largest. Even look at the dates and the calendar mainly go. The world goes by this. And so for me, I was like, man. And when I look down, if my life is about love and I believe that that's the most important thing. Who's been the most. Who would. Who's the model for the most loving? Well, most of the world would say Jesus. Some people, People can disagree. That's fine. I'm not here to debate that. But I just. That's how I started just going down and looking and seeking truth, seeing how other people's lives were transformed. What have they seen? What do they look. Looking for it. But I was also a lot of my life looking to prove it wrong. I'm trying to find it wrong just like I was talking about earlier, if you guys heard this on the call. I'm trying to make this, what I'm doing with you, this program, obsolete. I'm trying to see what else is possible. I haven't been able to find a better model for love than Christ. And if somebody else can find me one, then I'm open to it. Anyways, so that's the Bible. That's how I approach it. That's my thinking. Everybody's going to have their own path. But the. The very nature of seeking truth itself, whether that's. You want to look for it here, there, it itself will transform the consciousness in your life if it's devoted. And some people will argue that theirs is this. I'm not here to argue that or play that game. I have some opinions about it, but I'm. That's not this conversation. That's a. That's a different conversation. I can just share a model of how I approach devotion, and you can do with what you will.

[124:57] Speaker C: Okay. Thank you so much for all that. So Unity is the name of, like, the Unity.

[125:03] Speaker A: Unity Church.

[125:04] Speaker C: Unity Church.

[125:04] Speaker A: Okay, cool. Y. Charles film. I. I will share the resources underneath, so you can. You can have it.

[125:11] Speaker C: Perfect. I just want to verify that I'm, like, getting this too. So regarding devotion, like, I sort of see it in my own life as, like, starting my day connecting to the divine God, Source, whatever, and like, throughout the day, like, going back to that over and over and not. I mean, if I do feel inspired to, like, utilize other modalities, that would be coming from that higher place.

[125:38] Speaker A: Sure. The first for me in devotion. I don't know who I'm talking to. Do you call your friend a bunch of different names or see them as different entities?

[125:52] Speaker C: I see what you're saying.

[125:54] Speaker A: Your mother is your mother, right? She has. Who she is. Is a. Is she, like, now? It's depends. Hold on. This is important. This is important. So. And even in Vedanta, there's, like the Godhead, you know, there's this. Jacob studied Vedanta for like, six years. He's been studying the Bible a lot now. But there's in. In the Christianities, there's God the Father. There's God in three forms. The Father, the Son, the Holy Spirit. Right? But you got to know what you're talking about, who you're talking to. Is it. Are you talking to God? Are you talking to Source? Are you talking to Nate? What are you talking to? It's important. Are you talking to your mother in her role? Are you talking to as a human being with her trauma, what stage and context. These things are important. When we're talking about devotion, we're talking about the new age. That's a different thing. You just peel in. I'm just using language here and there and what feels good. What am I in relationship? What am I devoted to? It's good to get clear on that. That's a starting point. That's important. Or you can do it the other way. But this conversation is about devotion. And that's what I would have you get clear. For me, it used to. Before I understood, before, let's say I was spiritually immature and I wasn't devoted. I stood, I had access point. It was the part of my journey. We're all becoming more conscious. It was source. And then I said spirit. And I've set high power. For me, it's God. That's the word. That's my language. That's my path. That's. That's me. And I'm not saying you have to adopt that, but I am saying there is power in getting clear. There's power in getting clear on what type of person you're going to date and what you're going to allow in and how you're going to speak to them and how you're going to relate to them. There's power in that. So why wouldn't we do it for the most important. Get it defined. Defined in. Let me say it another way. Truly, that's ineffable. But understanding how you're going to relate to it and what you're devoted to is important.

[127:57] Speaker C: Thank you. I think I frame it that way because I. I still am holding space for those who I'm going to connect with that don't have that same, like, language yet, or they, they might have heard it multiple ways. But for myself, yeah, I definitely need to get more clear and like, well.

[128:19] Speaker A: Right now you don't need to think about other people. I wasn't thinking about. I wasn't thinking about how I'm going to share this. Four years ago, I'm thinking about let me live it and embody it. That's why I can meet you this way first. Like, I'm learning a lot about German new medicine right now that I've been studying for six months. I'm hiring practitioners all over the world to teach me and go to another level. Amazing here. And I'm not here teaching you all that yet. I'm going through my journey and learning and seeking the truth of it. And, and then over time And I'll think about it. But I'm not even in the phase of how I'm going to share that yet. I'm still doing the work to make sure I'm embodied. I'm not out trying to bypass and because then that's used as some escape to feed the ego. I'm living it. That's all you focus on right now.

[129:07] Speaker C: Okay, amazing.

[129:09] Speaker A: Thank you. You notice the last thing I'll say that even I even know my limits on what I can share in this regard. There's things my brother would be able is way more embodied in. I know to play in only like my mentors say, be and share. And then what I added on top of that, only share that which I'm in. I am being meaning I only share that which I'm embodied in. And I stay away or I'll preface, hey, I'm learning about this, but I'm not embodied it to teach you yet. I can give you some pointers to go look, but I, I'm not embodied. I'm not going to come out here some false prophet teaching about stuff that I don't. I don't know. I don't live. I don't do that. And so it was always like, look back, just be it yourself, live it. Focus. Just focus deeply on that. And then people will get it through your being. They'll naturally become curious about what you're doing. And then maybe there's an access point. But I'm not out trying to convert the world. Like, hey, I even, even metamorphosis. I don't give a if people sign up or pay us. This is the energy I've learned over time. This is the game I'm playing. You want to know how people. If we don't have a website and I'm not some big famous person on Instagram, people aren't coming because of what I've done or what I've written about myself. They're coming from who I'm being, my energy. And all I'm doing is just telling you. I'm just telling you what I've done. Just like Garen. I just came to Garen's house. He's just, hey, dude, this is what I done. You want to know? This is what I did. I'm not trying to convert you. I don't, I don't care if you see it. I'll just tell you. I'll just tell you the truth and have you look back at your life and see what's working or not working. It's that energy. This is the game I'm playing. If you want to play, you can come play. If not, that's fine too. This is the game I'm playing. But I gotta live it and be good at my game and embody it. The world doesn't need. I don't believe the world needs people out trying to make people wrong or convert them or tell the songs like hey, we beat models of love and embodiment and some people are drawn to learn from others and this and that. But I. I just focus on making sure my side of the street is clean. I'm living what I'm talking about. Let's see Emily and then Kira. Emily, you're muted. And by the way, I've got. I've actually got five more minutes because I gotta prep for another call. So. Emily. And then I. I can do Kira for a few minutes. I just wanted to comment on the Joe Dispenza thing that you said because I like, I've read a lot of.

[131:40] Speaker F: His books and I really related to.

[131:44] Speaker A: How he brings a lot of like evidence and science into it and it made it easier for me to like process. So then when you were talking about religion and God and stuff, it kind of like my brain, like can't put them together, you know. And then like when you talked about.

[132:01] Speaker F: The resurrection and then like how he's.

[132:03] Speaker A: Like curing cancer and all this and I'm like fascinated by it. It just was like mind blowing to me.

[132:09] Speaker H: So I just wanted to come.

[132:10] Speaker A: And that's. That's why I'm saying is like if Pete. My view is when people really study the Bible and they look for truth and they use. You can also use ration. You can use logic, but you can. It's also a mystical for some people. Like I had a lot of. I had to break through and have experiential. It's like those are the very. These things are talked about thousands of years ago like miracle workers. Like there's. In my view, there's a reason it lived on for so many thousands of years and continues because people have experienced the profound healing nature of what it's pointing to. That's how I've come to it and see it and see in my life and evidence of it. So yeah, it's like you look for. For me it's. I was always like looking for access point. If Dr. Joe Dispenza and reflecting on that and then re. You know, Howard is going to bridge the gap. But again, not. There's nothing new under the Sun. Some people are just better. And this is what it's. This is like I, this is also when I looked at. It's warned about in the Bible and stuff. It's like look, watch for wolf and sheep's clothing in the sense like. Or false prophets where people who are trying to package and sell and keep people hooked in modalities versus like this. They're telling you how to liberate yourself. It's free, it's right there. That's all we're doing. We're just telling you, I'm telling you like focus on that. Yes, we're going to get down. And there's certain things that the church. The church is a great place but they're not, they're often not equipped to deal with people with the depth of trauma. That's where it's a psych. Psych therapist and this type of work. But ultimately I, I believe that anybody that's not pointing you back to that in some fashion away is. Is, Is trying to keep you hooked. Trying playing in. I believe it's pure evil. I am conscious enough and have enough skills and wisdom to like keep people trapped and deceive them and take their money and keep them hooked. That's. To me that's the definition of evil. Because when you become more reconscious you can wield energy in certain ways. And so you, I believe you look, you become very conscious about what are people really pointing you back towards? Because otherwise you get really. When you know how to prey on people's weaknesses and traumas and these type of things and play with their psychology and their money. To me that's evil. It's been warned about. So what are people really pointing you back towards? This is. There's so much good wisdom that it's written about. It's, it's, it's warned us about this stuff. So it's like yeah, I'm, I'm also great. I'm all great for the supernatural and the science and this and that and, and Dr. Joe spins where I think it's important. But what is it also rooted in? I, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not also here saying that he's doing that. That's for other people to discern. I don't, I haven't. You know, but it's like there's a slippery slope out there of keeping people in the world versus connected to God and letting God be the purifier. It's very nuanced. It can very, it's gotta, gotta look again. Nothing new under the sun. All of this stuff, in my view, is already. It's already figured out thousands of years ago. It's been. This stuff has been written about. And our view is that when you truly root your identity in God, then you will be able to see all of it way more clearly. You. You will become. You'll become conscious and powerful and sovereign and not be at the whims of the world. Kir. I'll try to keep it short. Five minutes. Five minutes. Okay.

[135:54] Speaker C: Thank you.

[135:55] Speaker A: I.

[135:56] Speaker C: Since you planted the seed on the intake call. We did. It's been a really dramatic, like, the thoughts and things I've been saying. I would not recognize this person two weeks ago, which has been really cool. I also now understand an injury you were talking about, like, spiritual. Like a spiritual belief being the most important thing to a human.

[136:22] Speaker A: Yeah.

[136:22] Speaker C: I am now understanding the spiritual injury I did to my husband and that my family, my parents did. And then I. I excused or defended.

[136:34] Speaker A: Yeah.

[136:35] Speaker C: For the first time so that we had a great conversation about that. And now I'm. I don't want to. I. I'm apologizing still because I see it, and I'm, like, very grateful that he was patient enough to show it to me. But short of just, like, working to embody that I understand by not defending my parents and, like, respecting the sanctity of our marriage and like, helping myself separate and doing this program. How do I help repair the spiritual injury I did?

[137:09] Speaker A: Well, you have to get that. It's already been forgiven. That's a. It can be tough to wrap around. You know, like my mom. I'm just gonna. I think this. I just feel called to read what my mom wrote me. And it's. It's a little. It's a parallel, and I think it'll help you. Okay. So. And then I'm going to share the verses. I want to point you. It's like one. You got to forget. You get. Get the. There's the grace of God. You're. That's the very nature of being human. Gonna miss. To think that you're not is the joke. It's that, like, that's my ego. I think I'm better. I'm not gonna. No, I'm gonna miss. I'm gonna miss the mark. I'm gonna hurt people. I'm gonna betray them. It happens. I'm gonna do less of it when I'm orientated towards devotion. But even then, I'm gonna miss sometimes. So I just gotta get. Who am I? Like Jesus was perfect. And they crucified him. You know, it's like, we're gonna miss. I gotta just get my human. I'm a fallible human being, but I'm gonna also learn to clean up quicker. And so I want to read something that I wrote to my mom and then she wrote back her just great wisdom because I was. I was. Here we go. I'm gonna read it out. I'm gonna read the message I wrote to her. I sent her a picture of this book that my former girlfriend, When I was 18 years old, my first one, gave to me. And I just was reading this book. It's. It's actually in my other room. I brought it down here to Costa Rica. She'd been holding on to it for like 20 years. It's called Wild at Heart. And I read the note that my former girlfriend, who's an amaz. All the women that I'd been with that were for long term, they're all married now and I'm not. So I was having this reckoning, seeing this back in Christmas. And so I read this. I read this to my mom. I said, I shared this with Jacob and also want to share. Jacob's my brother. I want to share this with you. I'm in the middle of integrating some pretty big insight about God's love for me and the people he's put on my path over the years that did their best to love me. One of the items you saved was this book, Bethany, my former girlfriend, that she gave to me and a note and a verse included at the front. I see that every single serious relationship I had with women along the way, all of them are married but one, my former partner. Yet she's still with this guy and wouldn't be surprised if they got married soon. And it has. It has me sit here in tears as I write this to you. As I see so vividly and clearly that I had women who really did love me. I've had great women in my life. My heart was just so covered in pain and blocked from receiving that love. I could not recognize God's love nor their love for me at the depth I needed to make it work. I live so much of my life trying to survive internally and externally, and also trying to earn the love. Never thinking I was good enough for it. And even if I was, then on the other end was just afraid other people would leave. Anyways, thanks for. I've been feeling the presence of God's love for me more and more in the recent weeks and months. I feel it opening my heart and more as he further washes away the ways I've been in the past and the ways I've viewed myself. Thanks for reading and listening. I figured you'd understand and get it. Thanks for inviting me out there. Today I went to go see my grandma and grandpa who are in a home. I was with my mom that day. I said it was really heart opening and expansive for me. I love you, she says. I just got the chance to read this, but I'm exhausted. I will reflect on this more tomorrow. I love you son and I'm glad you came out today. I enjoyed it. And then she shared Romans 8, the whole chapter. She shared a couple versions of Romans 8. Remember that? Romans 8. Okay, I thought I would share this. Romans 8:1 39. She's writing two different versions. If you have Christ living in you, there is no, she wrote, capitalized, no more condemnation. God does love you. And if you have Jesus as your savior, Scripture says he no longer sees your past. It has been forgiven and forgotten. And then she shared a couple more things. The phrase cast into the depths of the sea symbolizes permanence of God's forgiveness and the distance of sins from God. Other Bible verses that discuss the removal of sins include Hebrews 8:12 God forgets sins. Psalms 103:12 Sins are removed as far as the east and West. Isaiah 38:17 God cast sins behind his back in Revelations 1:5. God frees people from their sins by his blood. My mom wrote. Then she wrote, I get everything you mentioned in your text. I understand God loves you so much, Jeremiah, that He sent His Son to die on a cross for you. You are free in Christ. You are free to open up your heart to love. Sometimes I might not feel God's love because his feelings are fickle or because because feelings are fickle challenge changing all the time. However, I have my faith and I know I have the Holy Spirit living in me. I believe God's word. And when I start to have that stinking thinking, I go back to scripture that tells me I'm a new person in Christ and that God is for me and not against me. He will never leave me or forsake me. And so when I read that, I I just could hear it. Another I just kept reflecting on this quality of grace and just the nature of being human. The nature of being human is that I'm gonna up and I'm gonna miss. I mean this. And then I go beyond. I even at points I go beyond and see that, oh wait, I am Sinning. But it. But I alchemize all of that by what is this perfect for? I gotta get first of all the fallible nature of being human that I miss. I won't make 100 of the shots I take and get it and own it. Own up to it. Be responsible, repent. What is it perfect for now versus sit in the wallow of shame and self indulgence. Which is more sin is to believe. All of that stuff about me is to believe that I'm bad or I'm shape or wrong or how will I get out of this? I'm already out of it. The lie is believing that I'm in it. That's gonna be harder. The lie is believing that I'm still in it. That just means that I don't recognize who I am in the eyes of God because I'm not orientated. But when you're orientated by filling like my mom said. When I get the stinking thinking. I get back to the scripture. I AKA what she's saying is she floods her consciousness more back with prayer in this. Because that's the whole thing that's written about people are. We stray and the mind pools and all of our traumas. We got to be rooted in something. That's how. That's how you deal with it. You. You see it. It's part of your nature. You own it. Fully be responsible. You offer that up to God. You get back on your devotion. You own it. You make amends with the people in your life. We're going to go down to the depths of the ways we've been being later. But this is the highest level. You got to really grasp that. Otherwise I'm swallowing. I'm wallowing in indulgence and shame and I'm. I'm always looking for that quick fix of something. They'll get me to do more breath work or more therapy. No more God and dissolves. That stuff's gone. You're not that person. You're. You gotta. You cannot believe that about you. You believe what God says about you. Not at what man. Not what your mind says. This is why it's important to see. What scripture says about me changes the whole game. My mom's trying to tell me that for 20 some years. I finally hear it. And I can see a model of a woman who's living who came from even harder than I came from. So that's what I got. I gotta run for a next call. Can you have to get you on the next one. I got five minutes. I gotta pee and jump on the next one. I wanted to give you guys nearly two and a half hours today. I'm. I love you all. Thanks for a great call. We'll see you soon. Hey, bye.

