Timestamped Transcript: Copy of 03_17_25 - MM 3.0 - JD - Telling the Truth
==================================================

[0:00] Speaker A: Okay, so we'll get housekeeping out of the way. Some quick stuff. Sometimes at the beginning of these calls, we'll do. For those of you that are on monthly payments, please note that your. The payment comes out at the same time each month. Jacob and I are going to be. By the end of this call, he's going to have you guys all have your participant folders. Who's not seen their participant folder yet? Anybody? Okay, so you were given access on Google Drive with the email that you signed up with on calendly. Okay. You look in your junk, look in your spam. We've created you a participant folder. So inside of this participant folder, hold on one second, there's someone else trying to join late. So inside the participant folder, you will have. We do like a summary of what happened on your discovery call. So the questions we asked you and we give this to you so that you can read it, refer back to it. It's powerful to see what you came in with and what starts to happen along the way. So you'll have that document in there. And then what we'll also have in there is you will have just payment for those on payment plans that didn't pay in full. It'll basically say, hey, here's your name, here's the amount, here's the length of time, and then here's the date it comes out on. Okay. If you have any trouble finding that, ask Jacob and he can resend it, but don't ask him until you go look in your email inbox, like, search it, look in your junk and spam. We've given you all access to that folder where you can edit it, where you can drop in folders and documents along the way. So as we go through the program, you're going to have written assignments. You can copy your part that you write and you can post it back into your folder. So you keep it because at the end of the program, we delete all of that. So if you want to keep that stuff for record, like some people do, your folder is set up that you can literally just go drop and copy and paste it in there for your reference, which I believe is a very incredible thing to have for your life story and your journey. And you can, you can, when you're writing it all out, you can even. We'll teach later, maybe at some point in this. But you can utilize AI to, like, give you deeper and richer insights. So I'd encourage you to utilize that. You all have a folder regarding the monthly payment, just as it's Outlined in the release form and your guys, step by steps, the things that you guys signed, the onboarding, the document that just lays out everything in this program. The payment is due on the day that it's due, so it'll be listed in your document. If for some reason the payment fails due to a part on your guys's part, which would be like insufficient funds or it expires, you have 24 hours to rectify it. Right. Or Jacob and I, we simply remove from the program. All right? We don't, we don't go and chase people down and deal with that because it just, it detracts from everybody else. So what that is, it's an invitation to make sure you're being a good steward of the money that you have. Make sure that you're honoring our time and commitment energy that we're pouring into, that we also get paid for our time and effort and that you deal with that. That nobody here has got to track you down and have those lower level conversations. We're trying to have powerful conversations about your life and the change you want to create. So please, if you're on a payment plan, respect that. It's so much time for us to reach out and have to redo that and handle that, have it complete so we don't have to have any conversations around that. We go to a lot of time and effort to create these folders, to clearly outline it for you, communicate it to you so that we can pour into your lives and not be dealing about time and money and all that type of stuff that just doesn't need can get dealt with now. So that's about housekeeping. Jacob, do you have anything else just in that regard? Nope. He got off. Okay, great. And he didn't have anything. Okay, so let's jump right into it. We're going to do just initial grounding practice for just a few minutes, and we're grounding just to come here. Some people came here maybe from work or you just got out of a heavy conversation or something's happened, maybe you didn't sleep well. Whatever it is, it's just an invitation to leave all that shit behind and just be right here. And so just a simple one that I love doing is we're going to do two of them. We're going to start with the hands behind the head. You clasp. Some of you guys have done this with us. You put your, your hands right down there at the base of your. The bottom of your head, base of your neck. And you're going to keep your Eyes looking forward, your elbows up, and then you're sorry, your head looking forward. And then you're going to turn your eyes only to the left. You're sitting up straight and you're just breathing normally. You keep your eyes turned all the way to the left until you sigh, swallow or yawn. All the sigh, swallow or yawn is an indication that your nervous system is beginning to regulate. And then once you sigh, swallow or yawn, you can turn your eyes back to the center and then simply turn them over to the right and wait for the same thing again. Just allow yourself to breathe normally. When you size swallow the on, you can come back to the center and you can eventually drop your arms whenever you've completed both sides. Now I want you to do is we're going to do some, just some four, seven, eight, breathing. You're going to see us do a lot of this. And so you go ahead and close your eyes, I close mine with you and notice if you have any resistance to closing your eyes. While your eyes are closed, you start to notice your butt on the seat of your cushion or whatever it is you're sitting on. Notice maybe your feet on the floor. Just start to notice the weight of your body being upheld by whatever it is you're sitting on. Start to come into your body and to take a deep breath all the way in and all the way out the mouth. Noticing any allowing yourself to relax. And then we're going to breathe all the way in for a count of four, hold at the top and all the way out the mouth for eight. All the way in, hold at the top and all the way out the mouth. 8 Again, all the way in, hold at the top and all the way out the mouth. Just sit there with your eyes closed. Notice anything arising in your body. Just notice the state change. Notice what it feels like now versus before you got on this call. Just allow yourself to feel relaxation, feel the stillness, the calmness, or if there's any anxiety, just notice any anxiety, notice any tension. Just notice whatever's there, don't try to pull it apart or make it mean anything. Just notice it. All right, so again, why do we, why do we do that? Well, we do it to just get you here. Just like everybody together, synced up, getting here in this same thing at the same time. Breathing, grounding, regulating, co regulation at some level, even through the screen, co regulating together. And to have you relax when you are in a. As Judith, our mentor would always say to us, you're, uh, all true healing takes place in a Parasympathetic state when you can rest and digest things. So you got a tough conversation coming up or challenging dialogue or you gotta, you gotta tell your boss something. You really, you can just drop in and ground and regulate yourself just very simple right there so that you can be there and not in that survival, high edge, hyper vigilance. What's going on? What's gonna happen? Ah, just I can just drop here and be present and deal with whatever's there. That's why we do this. We'll do it a lot sometimes. Some days I won't do it. Some days I just want to get in there and give you, give you more. And you'll have to take these tools and regulate yourself in real time. You could be doing four, seven, eight breathing, you know, throughout. You can do different types of breathe. You just, you pay attention to your body. So we're just equipping you so you can stay in the seat of fire. Just remember that. So why we do it, it's not just for how, like, oh, it's fun to do breath work. Like, why, why do I do it? What's its application? So going in today, some grounding there. Let's give a little context to today. This is the first stage. We call this stage. We used to call it cooperation with reality. And after a year and a half, now we're going to call it communion with reality. And so there's some ways I want you to listen. Everybody here watched the context videos, right? There's a lot of context. How many programs or places have you gone? Everybody's getting on, but everybody's in all these different spaces listening from these. We do it on purpose because we want everybody to step into a frame so you're all more attuned to what's really going on here. And so context in our life informs the content. And so those things we taught you, like how we're teaching you in there, how to listen, what it is that we're really doing here. The more your psyche understands what we're doing here, I can relax, I can drop in, I can see it from a greater picture. It's easier for me to integrate. So Context is important. ChatGPT, you want ChatGPT to give you the craziest answers. What do you got to do? Give it really rich context so it knows how to work with you. Right? So what are we doing? How do I want you to engage with this? And again, remember what I said in there? Sometimes we're going to say the same thing hundreds of times because the soil of your consciousness will be different today versus next week. Maybe some of you slept bad, maybe you got an argument with your partner, maybe you're on painkillers because you had surgery. I don't know. There's just all these variables and so you'll hear things differently in different times and spaces. So my mentor was a wizard. He got this across to me. He would tell me some things 2 to 300 times before I got it. You don't get oftentimes on the first time hearing it. And so there's a lot of repetition. Repetition's powerful. So being a contribution to life, you're here today, we're going to open some things in language. Most all of you have experienced us in a live format in some way. And so when you're listening again, the same thing. All the things you watched in the context videos, your presence, you being present here, not thinking about what you got to do after work, not thinking about this. You're. You're just here. Not when I share, but when the women share, you're just, how much can I be there for my sister? How present can I be? You get to train yourself to be present. And when everybody's doing that together, not fucking around, not on my phone, not doing all this other stuff, it's profound what happens. People feel alters their lives. It'll alter yours too. Just giving that presence. The greatest gift we can give is the purity of our att. And then you'll see, people can. I mean, last round in the first week, it was crazy what had happened. But because everybody's here present, we designed all of this game. The no chat, no driving, no this to drive up the presence because that's when shit clears out. So remember that, that you get, you get what you give to the space. Not which is I can just come in here and. But it's like, what am I also going to speak up and share and contribute and let myself be seen? Because when you're being a contribution, when you're making a difference in someone's life, which happens just by you sharing, how does it feel when you make a difference in someone's life? It's fucking incredible. You all know that, everybody knows it. And so remember that. And you're going to hear us talk about being of service so much, so much. We're literally going to brainwash you into being of service, telling you what I'm going to tell you. And if you look at. I took AI one time and I had it go across all of the ancient religious texts. And spiritual texts, the Torah, the Quran, the Bible, the Vedas, the Bhagavad Gita, just all of these ones. And I wanted to look for the common top 25 principles and patterns. You know, one of the things, one of the most important principles in there, generosity, service, charity. Isn't that interesting that all of these different traditions, people that never met each other thousands of years ago, before the social media, they were coming to the same conclusion in a lot of ways. It's fascinating and that when you live the life of generosity and service and charity, being there for people is being of service, being present. That it was like in some ways it would just alter. They talked about how profound that was, how connected to God you would be. So this isn't just like some. Like this isn't new, really. See if you can connect the dots of how profound that is that all of these traditions were discovering that. So being of service, remember that your presence, you being there for people in your life, just checking on people, listen, just having them be heard, sharing something that might support them, sharing the truth of your life connects us. If you connect to somebody, it leaves them with a sense of connection. You got, you got it. You get what I'm saying? There's profound rich power when you're fully there. So a couple more things before we dive deep into the content, more context. People are going to project. Jacob and I now we know this game not because it happens to us by participants in all sorts of ways. And when it started happening, we're like, fuck, that's weird. And it's like, you know, we saw that tension would happen, like, oh, wait a second, like my mentors taught me, always look for where you've done that thing already. And we've done it. Jacob did it with his mentored colleague, Garen. I did it with my mentor for two and a half years, making him wrong, projecting onto him. I can't trust this guy. Always looking for a fault. A guy who charged $40,000 a day coaching, consulting, gave his life freely to me for five and a half years. It took me two and a half years before I could trust him. Those who have ears, let them hear. Some of you are going to have a really hard time hearing. Jacob and I, we just know this now by math and numbers. But that's okay. And we're so used to it. We had one girl in the last round, we finally had to pull her aside and just say, hey, look, this is what we're. How we're experiencing. This is what we notice. Just constantly Wanting to fight us in this. And we're like, what's going on? Like, this is. I'm like, okay, we've done this, we've done this. And so we're used to it, but we share it explicitly now so that you will be attuned to it. Because when you're projecting, you're not actually receiving. You're too busy making things wrong. I'm in my fight or flight. Can I trust is this. None of it's bad. It's part of the process. Like I said, two and a half years I went through it. I. That's how far gone I was. And I was working with a master, so I have a lot of compassion for it. Like, everybody's at a different stage, but there are going to be ways that, especially me, that are going to activate the shit out of people. So we get really triggered. And it's going to bring up all the stuff. It's going to bring up the. The authority, you know, for years with. When I was in. My parents, the things that I went through with them and physical abuse and being medicated and put in psychiatry. This. None of it worked. And then I got into the Marine Corps and physically abused all sorts of shit. I didn't trust anybody. I didn't trust anybody. That seemingly was authority. And so I just projected all of my. And I was always on the defense. So guess what? I couldn't hear. It took me to my mid-30s, till I even knew how to connect with another human being. Really let that land. Because some of you are going to be in that space. And I just say it's okay. And the thing is to watch. Watch your mind. Watch the ways that Jacob and I bring up stuff that you have with your father or past boyfriends that maybe raped you or somebody abused you or something happened. This. It's all part of the game. It's all normal. We've seen and heard it all at this point. But watch it. And the more you watch it and just keep noticing it and you ever want to. You want to bring something to us, you see it, you want to get more clear. The thing is, what destroys the projection, what erases them, is curiosity. My mentor always say to me, curiosity, not judgment. Curiosity, not judgment. Jeremiah. Curiosity, not judgment. Curiosity, not judgment. Every time you judge it, how do you turn it into curiosity? Because you don't know. You think you know. The mind thinks it knows, but when you get curious, you figure something else out. And then you see the insanity of your mind. And the recognition of insanity is the Rising of Sanity, Eckhart Tolle. So the more you see your insanity and question it, that's when sanity comes online. I'll keep moving. You'll. You'll hear it if you hear it. And that's it. Let's get it started. Is that. And just like a pause. Is that landing for everybody? I'll pause right there and turn over. Any questions? Just inside of that. Just a point of clarification before I move on. And if not, we can save until later. Okay, great. So today is about telling the truth. So a lot of you came through our deep dive, or you came through the challenge we did in January, and you've already heard a lot of. If you haven't, you, you know, you can watch the recordings. I think I sent a couple of recordings, just people who weren't part of that. But you heard me tell the Journey with herpes and how I hit it and hid all sorts of things. It was just one example. And what that did to my body, what that did to my psyche and my relationships. So I'm not going to go into that, but what I'm going to. We're going to talk about telling the truth from a bunch of angles today because I want you to consider that your life is workable to the degree in which you tell the truth. And inversely correlated, you know, the breakdowns and not feeling connected to people and nobody's got my back and they don't understand me, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah is also directly correlated to you not telling the truth. Because when you manufacture a life to avoid the truth, then we're not being ourselves, we're being people who avoid the truth. And so you look, what are all the areas of my life where I've, at this point, you've gotten this far, you've heard some dialogue. What are the things that you haven't still told yourself the truth around? Like, first and foremost here, it's like, hey, I. This is really going on. I am financially broke and I don't know how to make money. I struggle and worry every day about money. Or is it, man, I do have herpes and I haven't told anybody. Or you know what? I. I am so afraid to leave this relationship and I haven't told my partner. I've been hiding this thing about infidelity. I've been, I've been not telling this, and I'm so afraid because we have kids or this or how am I gonna provide for myself. My partner's paid for everything, but I haven't told a soul. I'm so embarrassed. I'm so ashamed. Because marriage is forever. And whatever it is, what is it? Or you're with a roommate you hate. You just can't stand living there but you don't know how you're going to find another place. You're, it's, this is. You're too busy but you don't like you're just holding it all in. What are the areas of your life where you're just not telling the truth? That friend who belittles you each time you try to open up and you share something vulnerable and you feel like they're never really there hold space for you, but you're there for them. And then you have the whole victim mentality and resentment towards them. Where are you not telling the truth? This is an inquiry about where is the truth not being told in our life and what is it like when I tell the truth everywhere? Because again when we manufacture a life to avoid the truth, when we're crafting all these clever stories and hiding and what he said is what you can't say owns you and what you hide runs you. The things that you aren't saying are distorting your energy. You got to maneuver around it. Oh I tell just a partial and they won't get it. And then all the stories goes on why you don't do it and just churns up all in your subconscious and all that energy and then not to deal with that energy and the discomfort that it starts to build and then I reach for that drink or I reach back at that X or I, I just keep going down doom scrolling and Netflix because I don't want to look at what I'm not saying and the subconscious and conscious impact is having in my life and then it builds and it builds and it builds and it builds and it festers. And you know we, we talked about like addiction was just a portal. It's just a thread you could pull on to take you deeper into a whole world of psychology and spirit and what's going on. Another thread you can pull on is looking at our financial situations. If I'm financially broke, that's usually a really good sign. It's also could be a great thread all sorts of stuff around money and shame and guilt, how I relate to it. I'm not telling the truth around certain areas, how I'm being, how I'm feeling about money. When we are telling the truth we will naturally feel connected to others. So you look, if I am feeling disconnected, people don't get me. I don't know how to make new friends. I don't this people leave me. I always attract these people to this and they abuse me and they lie and blah, blah, blah, blah. How much are we really then telling the truth about our life? I can tell you the more I just really truthful about who I am, my life, I just get on herpes in front of y'all. I don't like I know who the I am. When I tell the truth about what I've been through, what I'm up to, what I stand for, this is what I will and will not engage in. When I'm just truthful, it attracts a match for that. But when I not telling the truth, then what shows up is a match for the lie. It's people that you feel deceived by and wronged by and not there for me. And they don't get me, and I don't feel heard and blah, blah, blah, blah. Nobody gets. They don't. And most often when you pull it down, it's just not really saying what is going on inside of me, what's really there. And there's levels to it, right? There's like a starting point. But we let people see these fragmentations of this construct of us where we're wearing the mask and then who they're in relationship with is the person in the mask. And then we're never feeling connected. And what we said is connection is the opposite of addiction. So if I'm dealing, I'll straight up tell you if it's like I was looking for these correlates and how they connect, because it's all connecting. It's just all energy in different domains. And so if I'm feeling disconnected from life, my body, people, my whatever, I could just know I'm not telling the truth somewhere. Because when I tell the truth, I'm connected to life. The split is gone. I'm back whole. The word, my word creates my world. And so when I speak the truth, my world gets created and it matches for that. But if I'm disconnected and I don't feel this and that, I can all right away. I'm not telling the truth about what's. What's going on really here. And so I feel cut. Oh, and if I'm overdoing something over here, I'll give you a real. Here's a. What does a real example look like? Jacob went back to the US Last month, and he went to go support Garen for a retreat. I for decades have just like there's layers of stuff that I went through with my parents, trauma, my father going to prison, just all sorts of shit mingled in this like deep, deep lodged of like fear of abandonment. Okay. And so I'd gone to the ends of the earth with somatic emdr, psychedelics therapy for you name it. And it doesn't really blow up my relationships anymore, but I used to where somebody would leave all of my resentful mind. Oh, they'll leave, they're not coming back. They're this, I'd be resentful, they're not being loyal to me, they're not working hard enough and blah blah, blah, blah blah. And I scrubbed a lot of those layers but. And I noticed when Jacob was about to leave, there's still that little childlike mind that was like, wait a second, he's going to go work with Garen? Is he going to come back? Is he like it more than this and that just I saw it and I'm like, I can catch this stuff really quickly now and like work it through, but I'm like, wow, it still runs. And so then very subconsciously started happening the week before he left. I wanted to work harder, I got to work harder. Because if he's leave, how am I going to hold all the business together then, Then I'm under threat because I'm all alone and I got to deal with this and like my, you know, my dad going to prison, what's going to happen? And so I work harder and then he feels the energy and he feels a little burned out. And then we presence it. I saw it versus weeks, months, years and letting the resentment build in this. It's like ah, dude, I see that's a little, that's a part of me. I'm still working on, I'm still dealing with that. And I said little boy is like really scared and, and you're so great. You always affirm me that you're, you're in this for life and you're doing everything perfect. And I just want to really own that. The old me, I can't say that shit. I gotta have it all together. I should know better because I'm playing at this level. I'm fucking human. It's taken me a long time, I'm 39. To be able to just ah. I hid that stuff in business and I projected onto all of my partners, blew up every single partnership I ever had before Jacob. I've been with him a year and a half. We've had like one argument. But we get to a quick In a year and a half. But the truth, when the truth wasn't getting told, oh, all sorts of destruction. And I had incredible business partnerships. I partnered with the president's granddaughter in Dubai. And I could blow up the greatest things. Because all of that stuff, not telling the truth to anybody, always, no humility. I fucking know better. I'll figure out this. I can't win against the mind like Eckhart Tolle. You know, it's like the, it's like the, the chief of the fire department is going to investigate an arsonist when the arsonist is the chief of the fire department trying to solve the problem at the same level of thinking that created its insanity. That's why being witnessed by somebody else who can reflect it back to his holds accountable. Look at our insanity with us, where we're in community, we tell that, we look at the truth of our life. Because otherwise the mind left to its own device will destroy a human being. So when we're telling the truth, we actually just feel connected to others. As soon as I, you know, like, it's easy for me to do, but you create environments where it's easy to tell the truth, where people feel present with you like they are right now. Where the truth is valued, right? And there's a cliche, right, the truth will set you free, but there's a little bit of truth in every cliche. It will fucking set you free. And because I could tell Jacob that at this stage of my life and like what I've been, I've just. Man, I've fucking nine years I have gone to the depth of this. It was very. I had obsessive compulsive disorder as a six year old. And it came from that split in my psyche. But physical abuse, prison, my parents, the divorce, it was too much for my brain to comprehend. So I tried to control everything. And so here I am. I've worked through it over the years and I'm like, oh, I gotta keep telling the truth no matter what. It sets me free. And I still work. I still do my work, still work with Judith. I work with one of my friends, Brandon, in Germany, medicine. And then whenever I went through, have my big release, I go out and I tell Jacob, I lean on my community to be there and help me integrate, hold me accountable. The truth will set you free. But a lot of us, we haven't felt like we've had community. We haven't felt safe. So we're going to keep diving down. So when you're being yourself, emerges from telling the Truth exactly as it is. Say it again. Being yourself emerges. You can be yourself. It just naturally emerges when you're telling the truth. But see, I want to be. Oh, my word of the year is authenticity. I want to be more authentic. I want to trust myself. You guys, you all heard it, you probably said it. I want to trust myself. I want to be more authentic. You want to know how tell the truth? Just say it straight. One of the great things I heard Werner Erhard say, who founded Landmark, the godfather of personal development. He said, you know, the fastest way to be authentic is to be clear about where you're inauthentic in other ways. You tell the truth. Hey, Jacob. I see I was doing that. I was grasping, I was controlling. I had that fear coming out my body is like you leaving is remembering just like all the times people left in my life. And I want to, ah, I'm being clear about where I've been inauthentic there. So I get right back into authenticity or telling the truth. I'm just hitting it in different language here because it lands differently for different people. And immediately being emerges because I'm no longer split. I'm no longer fragmented, distorted, and all that junked up. It's like boom. Then spirit, I can speak from being. Being yourself inauthentic emerges immediately as you speak the truth in all areas of your life, no matter what it is. I tell the truth and then there I am. I am the way, the truth and the life. And why do we not tell the truth? This is. This is where we've built it up. We built it up and then people are like, but why aren't. Why don't I do it? Why do people not do it? Here's a couple reasons. I've discovered my own journey now, working with so many people hearing it, studying other great teachers in this topic. One of the number ones is afraid of looking bad. I'm afraid of what people think about me. If I say that, afraid of looking bad. And so what's good indication here? I'm going to take it up a notch when I'm afraid of looking bad by telling the truth. What I'm really saying at the ultimate level is I place what that person thinks of me more than God. I idolatrize. I pedestalize that person in some way. Their opinion of me or how they think of me is more important than what the Creator, what God, higher power, whatever it is for you, thinks of me. And so I will be at the whim of man and woman's opinion of Me. Wow, what a miserable place to live. So that happens when we're afraid of what other people think. It's a good indication that we are not truly devoted. And like, ah, I told you, I don't give a. Know who I am in the eyes of God. I know my heart and God knows my heart. When you, when that's not just a conceptual thing. When you're devoted and you've meditated and you've brought that down, you don't give a what they think about you. And guess what? People are going to think you're a piece of. Sometimes that's life. But we stop telling the truth because we're afraid of what they'll think about me. I've placed all of wanting my validation and them liking me. My parents approve of me and my path, all of it. And it runs deep. Maybe you're not telling your parents what you're up to because you grew up in this very religious home or you did this, or they said this about this is the path you should do or you shouldn't do this, date this person, whatever. And you don't tell the truth. Afraid of looking bad in front of your parents. Afraid of what your parents might think of you. And there you go, what you can't say owns you. What you hide runs you. And then all your behaviors. You're not actually being yourself, you're being afraid of what somebody might think of you. And then your life is dictated by what people think of you. When you really see it clearly. It's so profound what I'm saying. If you really stop and look at how much we've let that run our lives. So again, we're just talking about why we do not tell the truth. Common reasons. I'm afraid of looking bad. Just afraid of what this person, this person, this person. I tell my partner I'm actually doing this. Nope, this is, I'm at, you know, I said I was going to do this. I got it. And what feels what, what I've. What I've come to is, is actually this is the path for me or this is the decision or I'm making this our decision, but I'm so afraid to say it. What will they think? Oh, or ah, my partner's actually going to think I'm going to cheat on him because I go do this and he's, he's got all. Whatever it is and I don't tell. I'm just so afraid of what they'll think. I'm afraid of their reactions. So let's go to this one. I'll come back to that one. So when you are in this state and you're afraid of what other people think and you're not doing it and you're not telling them the truth, then you're not actually in relationship with them. They're in a relationship with some idea or mask that you have. And I want you to get that. There can be no love inside a withhold of communication. Love is a function of communication. And when I'm withholding communication, am I really loving somebody? And let's make something distinct that I forgot to do earlier. This is a great one I got from my brother. Me and my brother would. I would. I was the one that would really argue and try to be righteous for so long, try to prove my path. And anyways, me and my brother really come close, and we were talking about truth. I would always talk to him about love and this and that, and he would look at it from a biblical context. So my partner Camila, we started looking. We started using AI to kind of like, understand what he was talking about. Because I've, like, really tried to understand my brother's mind. He's very wise, successfully married, three kids. And he would always tell me, he's like, no, the love of the Bible is different because love includes truth. And love without truth is injustice, and truth without love is brutality. Say it again. Love without truth is injustice, and truth without love is brutality. So people hear love and like, oh, like, yeah, but I'm trying to manage their emotions and I don't want to say this. And like. And it's just about the feelings and love, like, the way I've learned how to encompass full love is truth is included. And it's a paradigm shift because it disrupts all of that noise that people can't handle it. But if I say this and they can't blah, blah, it just. It stops shrinking people. Because when we have all of that noise and while I can't tell the truth, all the stories you're going to have about I can't tell this person or I can't do this, they can't handle it. It's. It's just all that mind stuff to stay swimming in the split of who we are. And it shrinks people. We treat them as they're small, they can't handle things. And eventually the more you shrink people, your whole world shrinks. And you live in this really small world where people are small and you keep them small. And so what's often happening there is we here's a second reason we're afraid of conflict. I don't want to deal with conflict. I don't tell the truth. Because you've heard this one. Oh, because they'll react and they'll do this. And I'm like, you don't know that. If you. If you were a mind reader, you'd be in a totally different place. You could read the minds of people and predict what's gonna happen. You'd be in a different world. You wouldn't be on this call. You don't know, but you think that you know. And then the mind comes in, but they'll do this. And you project all this shit onto them and they guess, here's. Here's another one. And then when you project all of it, you create them that way. You actually are preparing for them to react or take it this way. And your mind is so focused on it that who you are is a person that relates to them, ready to play the game with them in that realm. So you keep the behavior pattern alive because you're already anticipating and waiting it. Like we had one girl in the challenge, she talked about her mother was like, this way or her mother? What did she say? I can't remember. Her mother hasn't. She's just, oh, it was her daughter. She was always looking for something wrong with her daughter, constantly looking for what was wrong. And so I was like, why are you looking for what's wrong? You're already setting up that game for her to enter into that game with you. Some of you are already doing that. When the truth wants to be told, it needs to be told. It's like dying to be told, but I won't do it because they can't handle it, or this is going to happen and blah. And you're just. You're literally shrinking that person. You're saying, oh, well, they're this or they're this way, or they're depressed or they're reactive or this. You literally confine them to these identities, and then you relate to them through the identity you've projected onto them. And then the truth doesn't get told and the game continues. So I want you to get that. A common reason is people are afraid of the conflict of the reaction. They put all this projection. They say they want to do it because they don't want to deal with the conflict or how this person. But you have no idea how it's going to go. You have no idea. It could go a million different ways. And some people are afraid of the conflict because oh, but what's really happening is you're afraid you'll get flooded. My nervous system can't handle it. How will I do it? It's too tough. It's scary. I want to run away. I want to puke. I want to throw up. I mean, hey, I've been there. When I told my partner that herpes and that I had hid that from her, I had no clue about the nervous system or somatics I was shaking out of my mind. Thought she'd stabbed me, tell the whole world, like, whatever. But guess what? I did it anyways. I spoke the truth anyways. And what did she do? She fully accepted me and forgave me. And it was one of the most transformative experience of. Of my life to date. And it pointed me back to myself for deep acceptance and truth. And I've been able to just be so freed up from it that any woman I've been with, it's not been a problem because I'm clear in myself and I tell the truth and people can feel that. So look at all of the stories that your mind's making about, oh, but it'll go this way. And la la. And just look at all the nonsense. None of it's true. That's all. The sickness of the mind, God is not in that. What else? Well, we're selfish. That's another reason we don't. We're selfish. It's a way, really. This one usually hits hard for some people. See if you can hear it. It's a way for you to control and manage other people's reactions. Because when you withhold, you get to control the situation. You get to manage other people's emotions about what you will and will not tell them. You hide it and you get to be in control. It's a way to, you know, people say people pleasing. We don't use the word people pleasing here. We just say it for what it is. Manipulation. People pleasing. Saying you're not pleasing people, you're lying to them about the truth of what I need or what's really there. And I say this and I do that. Well, I'm manipulating, and that's okay. I did it many years all over the world, because I had learned that way to deal with discomfort. Because if I could, people please or lie or manipulate, I got to control it. I got an illusory sense of safety and security by just saying the right things. So I want you to get that. People pleasing is just straight up manipulation. There's nothing pleasing if somebody comes and just People pleases and just says all this to sound good. Is that what you want? Do you want people coming and doing that to you? No. No way. That's not pleasing you. That's just straight lying. Not being you. It's just not. You can never give somebody the fullness of you for people pleasing. I'm manipulating. I'm putting on this thing to avoid something I don't want to be with or to get something out of someone. The truth cuts through all of that. And it only takes one time. Telling the truth. That boldly cutting through all the noise. Except you're on a completely different trajectory. That big one, that one that you've not been sharing cuts through all the noise and it teaches you. Wow. And then last one. Are afraid of others leaving. This is a common one. We're afraid. We're afraid people will leave us. Guess what? I like. Just get in there straight. They will not sugarcoat it. Not this people will redirect their energy. Nobody's really leaving you. They might just shift their energy to a different connection. The redirection. Not rejection, redirection. But here's the thing. When you tell the truth, you are bound to see people that are not aligned fall away from your life. It's a guarantee. It happens. We don't stray away from that here. It's like, no, that happens. And what you will find when you really tell the truth, it cuts away all that which is not aligned. All the masks that have been worn and I've got in this situation or this job or this relationship or whatever situation. When I start telling the truth, all that which is not truly aligned to the truth and who I am, it will fall away oftentimes. Or that person will rise up or they'll see something and they want to meet you. And oftentimes it falls away. But the beauty in that is it makes space for that which is truly aligned to come towards you. Because then you are a match for the truth. You put at a completely different frequency. You're not altering and twisting my behaviors and hiding and I won't say this and blah blah, all that's gone. And then there's a match for people to meet you in that, hey, this is who I. This is who the fuck I am. This is the life I live. This is what I'm about. Just straight up, just right there, front and center. No longer the game. It's wild. What it just immediately happened. The levels of opportunity and people that show up from that space. But we often don't do it because we're so afraid that the ones that we're attached to right now, the attachment is if that person's not here, if I don't have that relationship or I don't have this person, I don't have this job or whatever it is, if it's gone, then I won't be happy. That's attachment. I place my happiness or security or provision in things, people and places I attach. Meaning if it's not there and I don't have it, then I can't be happy, at peace. That's the lie. That's where all the suffering's at. That's stuff that leads right down the dark road of addiction and where I'm broke, I'm tired, I'm not living my purpose because it's living inside. It's just swimming in all the lack of truth telling. So reflect these, repeat these really quickly. Why do we not usually tell the truth? Afraid of looking bad ruins who I think I am. It's afraid of others leaving. And I'll say another one. We're afraid of the grief of loss too. People leaving. Ultimately, what's underneath that is the grief that most people haven't been equipped to feel, not been taught how to process grief. Maybe you had a loved one who died, or you went through a divorce, or somebody broke up when you were young and it's so painful and you can't imagine going through that again. So what you're really afraid is not the limb leaving. You're afraid of the grief that you still don't know how to process because you've overstepped grief your whole life. That's a common one. Why we don't tell the truth. We're afraid of conflict. We watched our parents fight growing up or we had really people pleasing around the house and you never saw somebody really say it straight. So you've been modeled it right. So you just avoid the conflict. You've just not been equipped, you've not trained yourself. So you're never in your power. You're never an empowered woman. You don't speak up, you don't use the voice. And then the last one, we're just selfish. We're selfish about it. We know that when we're not saying it. I get to control and manage that other person's emotional state, mind state. I get to make sure it goes just the way I want it. Those are the common reasons. And so lastly, when we're telling the truth at any given moment in the world of telling the truth, you have two options. You continue to feed the spirit of fear, the spirit of control, the spirit of manipulation. You can feed these spirits or you can feed the spirit of love and honesty truth. You got a choice every time. And each time you're just depositing in that bank account of the spirit of fear and deception, manipulation that just grows and takes root in your psyche. Or you're doing it over here. You're feeding, you're depositing into the love the truth and just starts with our word. It's so that's why we started as the first thing we have to tell truth here with ourselves. A lot of you did that on your one on one calls with Jacob and I about the current reality of life and that just by human nature there's certain things that you're not gonna. You're not gonna feel comfortable opening up yet. But have you really. Are you telling yourself at least yet? Are you telling yourself. I mean it was three years before I told another soul about herpes. I would. And during those three years I just like for the first year and a half I just denied it to myself. I was literally delusional. I'm like, no, this is no way. This is not it. I wouldn't look further into it. I literally was. And consciously subtrying to press and push it down. It wouldn't go away. It wouldn't go away because I was also just got on the path to personal development. And I was at one point, I'm expanding my awareness and the things that I wanted. But I was like, but they go hand in hand. I could no longer ignore it. So our aim in here is that your awareness grows so strong, you become so illuminated in your body and your psyche that it becomes so intolerable to dishonor yourself. My mentor used to say to that, that to me he would future pace me. He would plant these seeds in my psyche. And what he was saying is, we're going to do so much work of you looking at your life and your attachments and I'm going to reflect and point them all to you that it's going to be so unbearable to see that you would just naturally course correct because you don't want to deal with that pain anymore. That's profound. Because then when you're in the world, the slightest bit of alignment, you get right back in alignment. If you're trying to, you're taking a flight across, across country, cross seas. The slightest deviation of those bolts. I used to be a hydraulics mechanic way back in the military, before I was in the marines. And the slightest Thing off, a whole plane could go down. You get to a level of alignment and awareness and truth. With like this, the slightest deviation is just, oh, your body, you get sick, you squirm, there's pain. That's who we're moving towards. So then you're just like. You just wouldn't think to do that to yourself. You've had enough pain and suffering. You've been able to draw the connections and you gotta get like, hey, if I want this life and the desired reality that you all talked about, it's gotta start right here by the damn ground floor. Telling the truth is the ground floor. What we say is like, peace is the ground floor. Telling the truth, telling the truth. That's the ground floor from which we build our lives. That's not something we got to work to get to. That's the starting point. That's the bare minimum. So that's what I got, and I'll turn over to you. And so in these, we always create a lot of space for Q A. Our typical call times, last round, you know, we. We usually go between one hour and 30 minutes to two hours. And you know, depending. Sometimes they might go longer on different days. On Mondays, I have our members, our monthly membership after this. So I will be a little bit more. Not going past two hours, so I can get some food in between. But on Wednesdays and Fridays, I don't have anything after it. And for the context of this, we ask that the cue the questions that arise today. And if they're. They, they stay inside of the context of telling the truth and what we're challenged by and what we're dealing and all of those things and frames that we just broke down. And it. This is a time for you to challenge things. Challenge it, by all means, tell me you think it's or. Or you're. You're curious or I'm challenged by this, or I'm afraid of this, or how do I do this? Like, anything goes inside of the context. And then if everybody gets their question answered inside of that time, we have extra. Then we can. Then sometimes it'll be generous and I'll just open up to Q and A's outside of other topics. But we want to keep it contained within this context of this dialogue. And so you guys already know one person at a time, just raise your digital hand. And then it just creates the dialogue. And this is really a rich time. Some of you. I'd say about half the people we work with have this thing where they say, I'm so afraid I won't be able to remember things. How will I remember things from my childhood? I have a tough time remembering childhood. So common in the world of trauma. Well, here is one of those times when I'm speaking and sharing these stories. I've watched it rock people's brains where like they remember being raped here or this happened and then they listen to another person's story. It's through the sharing and really listening that it can start to activate the things that have been suppressed and buried down in you from decades. And so it's really this is, this is the importance of being presence. Because some of you want to get at. You can't figure out why this keeps happening in this. Well, being very present to what's being shared can often activate the same thing in you. Where here's like one of my great things. Like we're, you know, you're not unique in your suffering. It's a universal thing, right. And so you sharing and then you listening back and forth. It creates this ping pong and all sorts of things. And then the other layer, just to reiterate, when we're going to have you guys doing written assignments, it's going to have you start to write, which also brings. And what we think is so cool about this program is the depth that we take you in these assignments. You guys get to all read each other's. It's profound. You're going to get to see the level of the human condition, we promise you, unlike anything you've ever experienced. And you get to see, oh my God. That person's dealing with. Oh that's. Oh my God, I forgot about that. Oh, that's how they got through it. Oh, and you just see it over and over and over again. And guess what? It just normalizes shit. And so take advantage. I'm trying to teach you, right? If you can hear me right now, I'm telling you how you can really be present and engage with this in such a way that it can activate that stuff and bring it up. And then you got a safe place and containment and structure to finally deal with these long standing things. And it starts right here in the dialogue. The dialogue now takes it to another level. The back and forth and you're just listening and you're always when I'm listening to other people. When I learned this early on in these group development that went like landmark was a powerful place I started to see. I love the mechanics and how does this stuff work? How do people transform so enamored by it. And it's through that sharing, when you really listen, when you listen not to judge or to compare, but who am I being in relationship to what they're sharing? Can I see myself? Where have I done that? Am I fully complete with what they're talking about? Ooh, do I still have some pain that's there? Oh, is that activating some sadness? You know, Judith, I'd asked Judith one time. I said, judith, what do you do about taking on other people's energy? 50 plus years in the world of trauma therapy Master. I wanted to hear her thing because, you know, people who say, I'm so. It's an empath app. I'm highly sensitive. I take people's stuff on. And she just is in her wheelchair. I'm sitting in her living room with her, and she goes, jeremiah, I love it when I take on other people's energy because it shows me where I have that corresponding traumatic imprint in me that I've not fully felt. So if you start to get activated down here in this, our view is that that's often pointing to some pain and things that we've not felt. So it's all perfect because you get right there. It's like this whole thing is just a. It's like a vehicle. It just. Purification just keeps happening. But how present can you be to it? The more present you are, the closer you listen, the more it can open up for you. And it's just. And then becomes like hyperspeed. And then over time, after a few weeks, you'll really get what's going on at another level. All right. That's what I got. So the rest of the time's for you, Noel.

[57:55] Speaker B: Okay. I want to barf already.

[58:02] Speaker A: I did my job.

[58:03] Speaker B: Oh, my God. This is so like. My body's just like. There's an earthquake and a tornado inside of me.

[58:10] Speaker A: But.

[58:13] Speaker B: So in truth telling, right?

[58:16] Speaker A: Yeah.

[58:17] Speaker B: How. How. How do I know what is mine to tell the truth, like, in others, to others.

[58:29] Speaker A: What I always tell people is, you go with it tangible. When I would ask my mentor, I was like, I would give him. He's like, well, why don't you just give me something real that I can work through you with? Because then I'm just speaking in generalities and it's so hard to kind of latch onto anything. So give an example.

[58:44] Speaker B: I have. It's just me and my brother.

[58:46] Speaker A: Okay.

[58:47] Speaker B: And our dad and.

[58:49] Speaker A: Okay.

[58:51] Speaker B: I've. I'm the responsible one and we've created the trust for the house and everything to be left to me. And I'm Going to be responsible for everything.

[59:02] Speaker A: Okay.

[59:03] Speaker B: And my brother wasn't included in it, like in the conversation or doesn't know about it. And I am feeling something like he needs to know.

[59:18] Speaker A: Sure. And what does he need to know?

[59:26] Speaker B: The plans.

[59:29] Speaker A: Okay. Did your father. Did your father ask you to keep it from him?

[59:34] Speaker B: No.

[59:35] Speaker A: Okay, so then you feel. Is. Is he. He's leaving the trust or the will, all of the resources to you most.

[59:44] Speaker B: The house and the fine money. Money.

[59:46] Speaker A: And what does your brother think?

[59:50] Speaker B: I don't know what he thinks.

[59:52] Speaker A: Have you ever. Has he ever spoke to you about like, oh, I'm getting 50, 50, or I can't wait till dad dies or whatever it might be?

[59:59] Speaker B: No.

[60:00] Speaker A: Okay. Okay. So you have. You have. You have some innate calling there that says, I need to tell him.

[60:08] Speaker B: Yeah.

[60:08] Speaker A: So what's the hiccup?

[60:16] Speaker B: I don't know.

[60:18] Speaker A: Okay, well, then why did you. Then let's ask you this way then. What caused you to bring it up? What are you not at peace around?

[60:29] Speaker B: Not being complete honest, I guess. Open.

[60:35] Speaker A: Can you just get off this call when we're done and just call him and tell him?

[60:42] Speaker B: I can.

[60:44] Speaker A: Okay, great. How about this? And guess like my mentor would say to me, don't dramatize it, actually just get off this call and say, hey, just pick up the phone or set a zoom call. Then there's something important I feel in my heart I need to share with you. And don't add. Don't add a bunch of drama and this and that. It's like it's there. It's in your heart. Your dad hasn't told you. You can't tell him. And guess what? He might be. Guess what? He could be very upset. He could be jealous. He could be envious. He could be angry. So what? You will be a space for all of that to arise and for him to be. That's gonna be. There's the weather of everybody. There's the weather of Costa Rica. There's the weather of New York. There's a weather of California. And people are like weather and trying to control and fight and complain and fix the weather and all this is crazy. There's just the weather of. Your brother is gonna. There's gonna be the weather and he just has space for him to be. And you gotta. And there's, you know, you're a loving human. You just hold space for it. Doesn't mean he can't, like, talk to you and fight. You can have your boundaries, but okay, hey, I get it. That's life. People are gonna have their weather. But the more I sit around and make it a deal. That's why I said, what's the deal? Just get off. Literally get off and call him and just practice being with people, letting them have their weather. And it means nothing about you, it means nothing about him, it means nothing about your father. Just means that's what's happening right now. And then we're going to set up the WhatsApp lounge today for y'all to connect and share. There'll be guidelines inside of that, but you can share what happens. That's what we encourage you. Literally. You go have the conversation and then create some accountability. Go tell everybody what happened. You could just share the truth. Ah, when I had the call, I was really anxious and this happened and blah, blah, or this is a win or victory, whatever, but you just tell the truth. That's it. And if you're anxious and nervous, let that be there. That's fine too. And like I say, so what? Be anxious and nervous and tell the truth anyways. And then you're just teaching your nervous system and your psyche over time. This is life. As my mentors say, grow the up, dude. That point, you just have to grow the up. It's just life. And you're just going to get that. That's part of life. People are going to have all of their upsets and maybe he, maybe he's happy. Maybe he didn't want the burden of receiving all that. Maybe he doesn't like receiving. Who knows? You have, you just want to go in there. You have no idea how he's going to take it. And guess what? You don't care how he takes it. You release all attachment to it going any certain way and allow it to go as it goes and just let it be. Tell the truth. Thanks, Noel. Thank you, Shauna.

[63:50] Speaker C: So this is kind of complicated, I feel like. But as I'm getting a divorce, one thing I've noticed, especially after watching the videos this past week, is that when you talk about being in your truth and not in a mask, I feel like every time I show up in front of my husband or he shows up here, soon to be ex husband, I immediately jump into a mask and I feel like I probably lived my entire relationship like that.

[64:21] Speaker A: What's his name?

[64:22] Speaker C: Chris.

[64:23] Speaker A: Okay, so stop calling him your. Just for this practice like this. Okay, let's retrain your mind. We want to move into relating to people as who they are versus the role they've played in our lives. So I stopped for a while to retrain my mind, I stopped projecting the role of mother onto my mom. My mom at the time, my friend's mom, died in 2016 from a sudden poor prescription mix. It was an unexpected death. And I remember we were quite unconscious back then, like just fucking partying around the world. Two former Marines. And I just. But a moment of like, like learning how to be there for him. I just asked him, like, how have you been handling your mother's death? What's it been like for you? And he said to me, the hardest part about my mother's death is I was learning to relate to her. He says, I was learning to get to know who she was versus the role she played in my life. And so what this does, when I disidentify the role of husband, ex husband, roommate, whatever. Oh, that's Laura. That's my mom, who's got all of her traumas and her conditionings and her personality. And I've put all of this role and responsibility and then I play inside of the role versus who they are. So from right there, just start by talking about Chris and seeing him as this 5 year old boy, like his, all the things he's gone through, it's just like changing your mind. The human being and not the role. So keep going.

[65:53] Speaker D: Okay.

[65:53] Speaker C: So he is addicted to alcohol and currently in his recovering phase. And I'm, you know, admiring watching what he's been doing. This didn't happen until, you know, I had kicked him out of the house because he was lying. And. But yeah, I realized that there's something about him that when he showed up the other day, I just looked at myself and I'm like, I don't even know who to be right now.

[66:21] Speaker A: Yeah.

[66:21] Speaker C: Or how. Who I am. I don't know who I am when he's around. And I feel like it drove the marriage too. I feel like this underlying current. I don't know if I'm projecting my dad onto him.

[66:39] Speaker A: Well, let's, let's get outside of. What are the things you haven't told him that you want to tell him? You. I have to be a certain way around him. You said like something, I don't know who to be around him. That's something you're trying to manage. I got strategies and things that I can say and not say. And when I'm. Then I'm scripting things. This is a very common one for people. I used to do this so much. It took me years to break this one. Always thinking about what I was gonna say and strategizing it, planning it. And some of you are doing that before you even raise your hand. Or you're like, oh, I'll raise my hand only once I can think about something clever. Then you're being your script, and you're not being yourself. Nobody's getting you. They're getting all of your mind. Still. You're not speaking from being. I don't have to script any of this and just get on there and be myself. And so it's like, what, what are you not being. Saying? What are the things you've not been saying? Start there. So what's an example? What's something you just so badly want to tell this human being about yourself or about him? Remember, love without truth is brutality, and truth without love is injustice. So what are the things? If I'm defining love is encompassing truth, what are the things that are left unsaid?

[67:58] Speaker C: Yeah, I think going back to the beginning, I never said. I don't, I'm not okay with the addiction. I don't know that I was clear about it. And I got, I married him anyways.

[68:11] Speaker A: Wait a second. Right there. So let's pause. We take one step at a time. I, I, I don't know if I was clear about it. Is. I was not clear about it because you know what I mean? Even look at the speaking, I'm pushing the responsibility just away a little bit. Just. No, I wasn't clear because if I was, I wouldn't even say that.

[68:30] Speaker E: Yes, yes.

[68:36] Speaker A: So this is about you cleaning up your side of the street and owning your part, and there's things that you discover that do and do not work for you.

[68:47] Speaker C: Yes.

[68:48] Speaker A: What else do you want to say? What else? So it's like, okay.

[68:55] Speaker C: I'm scared. I was scared to marry someone who is addicted to alcoholism.

[69:01] Speaker A: Okay, then why'd you do it?

[69:04] Speaker C: I was scared not to.

[69:07] Speaker A: Yeah. Have you told him that? No. Oh, yeah. Because this is a, this is a fun one. Hey, you know, I'm just gonna channel something else, like, hey, I was scared not to. You know, I was scared not to. I was scared to marry you for alcohol addiction. But I said yes because I was even more afraid to be alone or I didn't know how to provide for myself or I'd never be loved or whatever it is. That's your work. Right. And that's the truth. And then what? I think we talked a little bit on the deep. At some level, you perpetuated all of it with him. You know, you get to play. And then, and then I get. Then I get to make him out to the villain and all you know all of it. That's the. Oh and we're going to go through this program. We're going to take a full inventory of all the ways in which you are being so that you can scrub your psyche clearly and tell the truth in it. But these are some good starting points. But any, any more that you see there.

[70:09] Speaker F: Yeah.

[70:09] Speaker C: I wanted to call off the wedding and I was embarrassed to call off the wedding because 300 people had been invited.

[70:16] Speaker A: Yeah.

[70:19] Speaker C: I also wanted to get married because I wanted children and I was pushing an age limit.

[70:26] Speaker A: Yeah see you, you, you, you also you. You married somebody who you didn't fully accept. I didn't fully accept you. I actually I, I sat around and made you a villain this whole time and I, I needed you to be a different way and I wasn't straight about that. Yeah I make you to be out the narcissist or the addicted one or whatever. All the common things when we get upset and break up we didn't get. We want then we diagnose others and we tell all these stories about them. Gotta clean all of that. I can tell you my last seen it time and time again you know where we. We want to diagnose the other person and them but yep all that's anytime I hear anybody and I'm not saying I'm speaking now broadly to the group because I'm sure some people I've done it I did in the past. You know it's very common to people throw that word narcissism around and other stuff and anytime I hear it I already know because I know the human condition of myself self and others. It's pointing right back to us. It's usually the narcissist right there takes two to play and when we're constantly out there what they did and that and that we are it's such a clever way to not look at who we have been being and we played all of that game within and so this is about turning it all like the great therapist five years man that woman was a wizard. Always pay her respects. She just told me when I was thinking about what they doing this and that she's like leave her the alone. Leave her alone. She's that direct to me 70 year old woman. She's like focus on you and where you're responsible. So you don't keep repeating this because I was like oh but her. And she did this and that and. And it and I just yep suffered so this is Again, this isn't just for Shawnee. This is for everybody listening. We. You've all been. Most of you probably been through a breakup. You've had animosity, you felt wrong or betrayed. All that's going to get worked out here. But you look, where do I go? Making others wrong or making it about them. That's the trap. That's the trap that keeps you stuck in dysfunction. It's all taking it back here and just looking at our side of the streets and up. Sending them love and kindness.

[72:40] Speaker C: Yeah, I thought about it this morning because I thought I married somebody I didn't trust and I hoped they would change. I asked him to stop drinking and I hoped he would change. And that's what I set myself up in.

[72:54] Speaker A: Yeah. Okay.

[72:56] Speaker C: This is really helpful. Thank you.

[72:58] Speaker A: Yeah, you're welcome. Catherine.

[73:03] Speaker E: Hello.

[73:04] Speaker A: Hello.

[73:07] Speaker E: So I have this really close friend, and there's this part of me that consciously really wants her to thrive. We're at similar levels in our, like, creative endeavors and stuff. And I'm, like, consciously wanting her success. Right. And then there's also this part of me that I've been being more honest with myself about where I feel envious. And it's like this part of me that doesn't want to see her thrive. And I'm wondering if you could speak on. What is the point at which we discern how much we, like, internally process this ourselves and digest it ourselves? And then what is the point at which, you know, we might open it up to be shared with the other person, to be vulnerable? You know, is there a time where sometimes that's not necessary or we, you know, we open that up?

[73:57] Speaker A: Yeah, it's a very. It's a pair. It's a paradox, a little bit. This is the best way I can share it. And there's no right or wrong. And I believe that delivery and timing, it's. Let me say this. Let me say this another way. Always tell the truth. And it's. Am I being responsible for the truth? Am I being responsible in how I deliver it and the timing? And I'm not talking about, like, waiting out months. I'm just like, know in the right environment, you know, like, okay, I mean, I need to maybe pull my roommate over here at the dinner table versus in front of a bunch of people. But I always believe we want to tell the truth as quick as we see it. And so. But my mentor would say to me, he goes. He had this saying, goes. There's nothing to say until there's nothing to say. And It's a little bit of a paradox. And it took me some time to pull this apart. And it's the, the best way I can share it is like, if I feel that I've got to just quickly spout off something or regurgitate it, and it's from this, like, almost reactive energy or this that I'm uncomfortable. So I'm going to share it and I want to just get it out. Then I'm not, in my view, I'm not being really responsible for that. And I don't need to dump, I'm not dumping everything on people. And I'm also like, I set things up. So, for instance, Jacob was gone on his trip. I got a really close relationship with him. We lived together. We're business partners. And I knew that there was things that I was seeing. Well, I had the solitude for a week while him and my partners are gone. I got to see more at this stage in my life, I had a break from coaching. I was like, okay, that's something right there that I've worked at for years. I feel the little tender. I want to look. Okay, good. I just got here in my sessions, prayed, felt it could own it. And as soon as he got back, we just had a conversation on it. But I, I, I could have like, oh, this is so uncomfortable. I just need to call him right now while he's in his thing. Like, this is going to be a lot of nuance here because I, I got to be careful. Some people will hear this and they'll think, oh yeah, I can just keep waiting till it's right. And then they, they just, their mind uses that because they're not used to living in truth. So I want to just preface that for some of you who are listening. I know myself that I tell the truth because I've just done this long enough. But when a lot of people are not living in truth, well, we encourage, is get your ass up. And now because you, you, because you'll keep playing all these other strategies, you're not actually learned to be responsible for the truth. And so, but what I, what I like to do is I also like if I've got resentment or any, any of that stuff or I've been fighting, making them wrong, I like to make sure that I'm just down regulating that. Because if I go speak, remember, there's nothing to say until there's nothing to say. If I go speak from a bunch of anger and vile and this, then it has a much lower chance of being heard over there. And so that when I do it from a place of regulation, even if I need to sit calm and do that, then I speak and I use certain like non violent communication which we'll go into later. But I, I, I'm, I'm tactful in telling the truth. I don't believe in brutality. Brutal being brutal. I believe being in direct and straight with people and not sugarcoating it, not building, no, I just be getting in there until it's stress. But that's distinct from being nasty or brutal or not like considering where that other person's at. And so you know with your roommate there's certain things that you are working out. Now the little other, the other point I'll add to this is like, this is like I had to train myself with like my past partner. I didn't, I didn't understand healthy masculinity. Like I didn't, I wasn't model. It's Then I went into the Marines. It was like really bad. And so I didn't know how to like open up about my emotions in this and I would sometimes like vomit it and then I would leave the other person feeling responsible for mine. And so like I know now when I need, when I'm going to be vulnerable with a partner or woman or certain cases, I know how to be responsible for my part without them feeling they need to take on my feelings. So it's like I might say, hey, you know what I realized even with Jacob, like, hey, I realize I've been, I, I saw this like old abandonment coming up in my nervous system and I wanted to work harder than this. And like, and, and then I, I just, but I'm responsible for it. I don't go into this whole thing about this and I'm that and like in a way that I'm trying to get that other person to tend to my feelings. I'm being responsible that and leaving them energetically feeling like I got me. I just want you to know where I'm at. That's, that's some mastery. That takes some practice. But then other people can feel spacious around us. They're not feeling burdened by us vomiting all the stuff on them. It's like, hey, I felt when you left I felt very anxious and I felt very tired and I saw that I started to become more closed off or envious or jealous and I just wanted to be able to share where I was at. And you know what? I've been in the background with a therapist or I've been working on that and I Just wanted to let you know that and just presence that in case you felt that. And I want to apologize for any impact that's shown up. I can see how this maybe drove a little distance between this or you speak to whatever impact you can see. So I'm telling the truth about where I'm at. I'm speaking to the impact that's happened. And then I'm also letting them know that I got it, I'm working on it. Because an apology without change behavior is just manipulation. So many people's apologies are shit. They're saying this, but they're not backing it up by talking about the impact, what they're going to do to change the behavior. And then it's just manipulation. It's just empty words. So I just own it fully and I leave that other person with, hey, I've worked through this and I want you to know I got it. But I just want you to know where I'm at in case you felt this. And I'm sorry if that's impacted you. And I'm here to hold space if there's anything that arises for you inside of that. And I listen, you see the responsibility in that, that they're not left burdened with any way that they need to hold a process for me. I deal that over here when I'm being responsible for something. Now, you might sometimes want somebody to have a friend to be there and ear to listen on. That's a different context. Right. But I'm speaking about us owning who we've been being where we've not been telling the truth in some way and it's been impacting the other. That's my view is over here. You want to clean it up the street and own it before you deliver it. They don't need to get in and become your therapist. That's exhausting for people. Does that help? Yes. Thank you. You're welcome. Lenka, great questions, great questions.

[80:50] Speaker G: Actually, I think my question has just been answered partially by what you guys discussed with Catherine. So, yeah, when you were talking about the reasons for which people don't speak the truth, I was thinking, like, my biggest reason or fear is not knowing if I'm speaking the truth. So it's not about, like, how I appear or what the other person think, but it's like, am I speaking my mind or am I really speaking, like from my heart? You know, because I feel like there's a bit of a difference. It can be speaking from the wound itself, from some kind of like a, you know, unhealed part of me, or it can be speaking from something which is a little bit more grounded. And I. I feel like what you just described to Catherine when you were saying that, it's not sure how you phrase it, but it's about also, like, how it feels when we're delivering it. So I guess I often feel slightly too reactive and it's, you know, it's. It's causing, like, tension in my. In me when I'm speaking up. So I'm kind of speaking up, and it kind of feels in the moment like I'm saying my truth, but it feels. Yeah, it just doesn't feel right versus in some other moments when I'm just, you know, calmer and I guess, more aligned. There's no such reactivity and tension. And maybe that's how I can distinguish between speaking truth and speaking from some woundedness or what do you know?

[82:32] Speaker A: I would not distinguish it that way because you. Because it's too confusing. Because when you're. If you're speaking from the mind or speaking the. The. The. The truth, there's an opinion. Yeah, there's an opinion and your thoughts about something, and then there's the truth. The way you feel about it or the way you see it, or you're like, this is what I've been believing, or this is how I've been living. And you can feel anxious in either one of those. So I wouldn't distinguish. Distinguish it from that way. It's like if you got quiet five minutes before a conversation and just looked at, like, what am I gonna. Like, what's there to be said? Not scripting it, but just listening for what's there? How do I really feel about what happened with that. That person last time I saw them? Yeah. What did or did not work for me?

[83:20] Speaker G: So I can give you a specific example, please. Yeah. So I have this friend. So I've been trying to have more male friends, which has been like, a bit of a roller coaster journey. But there's one male friend. He's also my neighbor. We're not romantically interested in. In each other. We're very similar. And I think, like, you know, we understand each other well, but he's also one of, like, he's kind of, you know, busy going through a divorce, traveling a lot and other things. Is not necessarily the most available friend. Let's put it this way. In order to, like, create something a little bit deeper and be part of the same community and stuff like that. And. Yeah, just the other day, I kind of. I guess I've been building up a bit of a resentment or something unfulfilled, you know, maybe expectation, whatever it is already inside me for a while. I know he cannot.

[84:15] Speaker A: Pause right there. Just look at how you talk about it. I guess I've been. No, there's, that's, that's where you just don't own the truth.

[84:22] Speaker G: Okay, so I've been.

[84:24] Speaker A: Yeah, so what have you been doing? What, what is resentment like? How have you been building resentment? What's the narrative?

[84:29] Speaker G: So he's actually my closest neighbor, one of my closest neighbors. And I just know that I can't rely on him when, when I need help with something. There was like a bit of a emergency last week about something related to my flat and I just kind of knew like, okay, Tony's not going to be there for me because he's always just, you know, busy. Let's put it this way.

[84:49] Speaker A: Okay. Did he, did he say he was going to be there for you?

[84:54] Speaker G: Well, no, no.

[84:56] Speaker A: So then, so then the unsaid expectation is a premeditated resentment? Yeah. Well, yeah, yeah. So you, you. And this is good because you're going to learn later and definitely in the relationship stage where how your mind works, it's, it's a meaning making machine. He's not reliable. He's not there for me. I get all these projections of how he's supposed to be and then he can't be himself because I'm making him to be all these ways and then he doesn't fulfill it. And then I'm angry, I'm resentful. And so guess what? You already know the truth. That's the truth. That's the truth. That's what you've been doing. You've been resenting him, putting expectations on him that he can't fulfill, that you've not made explicit agreements around or made requests for him to be reliable in that area. And then I resent him. That's the truth. That's a starting point right there. That's beautiful. Truth.

[85:47] Speaker G: So I want to ask because what happened was he came back from some other travel, he reached out, hi, what's up? I responded, he didn't respond. Then this emergency happened. And then basically he said, I just said something like, Tony, you're always either traveling, not responding or just busy. And it feels very tiring to me. And I don't think that works well for me. That's what I wrote. And I'm just wondering like, I feel, until today I feel like, yeah, that is the truth because it's a Bit transactional. It is kind of friendship or relationship. But I'm also wondering, was that coming from the truth or was it coming from some like. Like unmet expectation?

[86:32] Speaker A: Well, let's ask. What do you think?

[86:35] Speaker G: I honestly don't know. I feel like it's both. I really feel like it's partially. It is the truth as well, because I. But I could have delivered it in a nicer way potentially.

[86:45] Speaker A: Yeah. Receiving that message, I'd be like, off.

[86:52] Speaker G: Yeah, I understand that. But I'm also like, yeah, I do feel that way until today. And it's been a week. Yeah, it's not.

[86:58] Speaker A: But. But who were you being when you wrote that message?

[87:05] Speaker G: Not a very empathetic.

[87:07] Speaker A: No, don't tell me who you are. Not. Just tell me who you were being.

[87:13] Speaker G: Very demanding friend.

[87:16] Speaker A: How about resentful?

[87:19] Speaker G: Yeah. As well.

[87:20] Speaker A: Yeah. And guess so then. So then who I'm being is resentful and demanding. And I write. I write a message from being that way. Horse. You think that's gonna land for other people to hear you. You think you're gonna get what you want inside of being that?

[87:34] Speaker H: No.

[87:35] Speaker A: You think you're gonna get a behavior change from the other person from being that way?

[87:41] Speaker G: I guess my mind must think that. Otherwise I wouldn't have.

[87:46] Speaker A: That's good. Good observation. You have been conditioned to act that way. That's the little girl. Someone. I didn't get what I wanted in childhood. Dad didn't show up for me, mom didn't. Whatever it is, we'll. We'll figure it out soon. But right now you can see I'm doing that and I'm being demanding. I'm being resentful because I think that if I bring that energy, then I'm going to get what I want from that place. I haven't matured.

[88:07] Speaker G: Yeah, I honestly.

[88:11] Speaker A: Wait a second. It's not only being resentful and demanding. There's like somewhat a little bit of accusation in there. It's like you didn't. You're not. You don't do this or you don't. You don't show up this way or blah. Versus like, wait a second. I don't have an agreement with this guy. I never made. Did you make a powerful request that you need him to show up this way or can you be this way or can you make sure that you're here? Can you be reliable? Did you have explicit conversations like that?

[88:41] Speaker G: No.

[88:42] Speaker A: Okay, so then you placed all of these hidden expectations on this man, and then when he doesn't do it I then when he doesn't do what I I want that he can't even figure out because it's not been explicitly said. I then write him a message and I say you this and you're not this. That's like an attack. It will, that will feel like an attack to somebody. And so what all there is to do on my end first is to look at all the ways that you've been being and then how you're showing up to him and doing that and getting that cleaned up. Because until that's cleaned up, that relationship just crumbles and there's tension is this. And then what it does inside of you, cleaning that up, it creates accountability because now he can hold you accountable because he can see that pattern in you and it'll help you. That's why we utilize relations. Relationships aren't here to make you happy, they're here to make you conscious. Eckhart Tolle. You can utilize it to become more conscious and have him hold you accountability. Like, hey, I, I see that I didn't speak up and I see I resented you. And then I even made all these things. And I see, you know what? I see that I had some needs or some expectations and what I would really love and this relationship, if you were open to it, is if you might be able to show up this way for me or maybe you could support me with this. And I wouldn't say anything about what you find wrong or this and that because he has no agreement with you. I would own and apologize for all of that stuff first. And then once you see it and you own it, then you can start from a clear empty space to make a request about what you would want to create in the relationship together. And then see if he wants to meet you inside of that. Maybe he would love. Look, check it out. Men love to be useful. We love to be useful and to serve and to give. We love to provide. And providership doesn't just come in money. It comes in all sorts of way. We provide provision, but if it's not asked sometimes or there's not like his, it's like, then we feel like attacked and the girl doesn't get what you want. But it's like, speak up. And sometimes we love doing it.

[91:00] Speaker G: To be fair, I did speak up, I did say things and I do say it with other friends as well. Why don't like, I would love to do this and this with you. Why don't we do this and this? I think it's just really, maybe this is Gonna be another year of his life being like this. He has other priorities. I don't. He even said it himself. I'm sorry. Sorry that I've been such a shitty friend. He said those words and I was like, it's okay, right?

[91:25] Speaker A: But no, no, no, no, no, no, no, stop. It's not. It's not okay. It's not. Because when. If I'm being somebody that's resentful, then. And I'm speaking from that place, and then that could also just. I'm going to give you another perspective. It could just be activating his own internal guilt or shame because of how it's coming off. I just want to pull it back over here and wipe the slate clean. And I want to learn to get very clear about what my needs and requests are not. It's like, hey, I would love to do this, or why don't we do this Is different than saying, hey, what's his name? Tony. Is that what you said?

[92:02] Speaker G: Yeah.

[92:02] Speaker A: Hey, Tony, I'd love. Are you. I'd love to go get a meal and just talk about some things on my heart. And here's what I want to notice. I realize that I got some. I got some expectations in relationship with you and just in life in general with men or people in my life. And I realize that I've talked a little bit about. Would love to do these things or I've said things like, why don't we do this? And then I see along the way I've been resentful when what I want to have happen hasn't happened and I've made you wrong at some level, blah, blah. And what I want to do is just clear the space. And I want to own who I've been being and I want to put an end to that. And then I wanted to use today and I wanted to create space for you. If you can feel, if you felt anything, any impact, I want to let you know that I'm here and I'm sorry for any impact. And if you have anything to share, I want you to know that I can really hear you. That clears the space from everything that's happened, brings it to the light, and then you guys conclude that part and says, look, I'm recognizing that what I really need in my relationship and being related with you or what I desire is X, Y, Z explicitly and asking for agreements. Are you willing to agree and meet me in this, or could you relate to me in this way? And then he has a opportunity at that point to say yes or no explicitly. And then you move on. And then it either does or does not work for you. Either he fulfills an integrity or he doesn't. And then you got new information. He either fulfills it and you keep going. And you love playing the game. Maybe he misses it and then you presence it from a loving place, not making him wrong. Or he just misses completely and you realize, you know what? I love you Tony, but the people I need to be related in my life, I need, I need to be this caliber and I send you the best and I'm gonna move on now in relation that simple. All that other stuff out. But so many times people like, yeah, but I've kind of said something. Most people aren't really communicating. They're just saying some they'd like to do or have happened. But there's no clear agreements and precision. The more precise you are in creating agreements in communication, the more you can get what is truly aligned for that. But in the world of ambiguity, suffering is bound to happen. All the stuff that we're not really being direct and clear on. So that would be my encouragement to start over, clear it all out. Own who you've been being, create and be the bigger person. Create a new space for a new context to emerge and be crystal clear about what you want and then give him the opportunity to meet it. And if he can't meet it, move on. Or like my mentor would say, sometimes you just gotta get. That's the weather of people. They're not. I just know that they're not going to be reliable in that area. But I love that person so much that I'll just deal with their unreliability. You can also do that. But you give up all of the resentful energy and all that because when you're coming from that place, you just keep people in that game. You keep him as a small man that can't fulfill upon these things because you don't create him to be more powerful. I create people. I create people all around me. I see them as big. I speak life into them. I speak to the king and queen in them, not the prince and princess. I'm not arguing with all their shit down here. I'm not meeting them there. I'm bringing it up here and creating them. Practice that. Watch what happens.

[95:30] Speaker G: Yeah, yeah. And sorry, just to say I. I do believe that I'm doing that. I'm trying to do that with everybody around me. But I think I definitely could be even more direct. And there's a high chance that simply with this specific Relationship. Yeah, I will. I might just have to, like, stay away, but I will do it. I will. After this call, I will send a message from a loving, you know, point of view and just re. Explain and be as direct as possible. And yeah, if, hey, I. I would.

[96:04] Speaker A: I would say, you know, you said, no, I'm doing it, and I'm just gonna push. I'm just gonna challenge you. And, like, we can disagree on this, but I'd say you're not doing it being resentful and being the person that places the expectations. As you said. I asked you, who are you being? You spoke it out. And to me, that's not. That's not being a creator. That's being resentful and holding things and not being truthful about what I need. And so just look immediately he said, no, I'm doing that all the places and I'll get. No, you're not. I'd say you're not. I had to be honest about myself as I was not being a loving business partner with Jacob. When he left, I was. I started to come in to be controlling. I was feeding the spirit of fear. I had to acknowledge it. I had to humble myself before my partner and before God. I don't know everything. And so when you're saying I'm being resentful and you're like, no, that's not it. That's not speaking to the king in somebody. It's not. But we gotta. We gotta, like. We gotta humble ourselves. And look, otherwise I'm just gonna keep getting the same result because I'm lying to myself. Like my mentor would say, it's not, are we full of? It's, where are we full of right now that we don't see? That's the whole nature of a breakthrough. It's. It's. It's. It's seeing our blind spots. And then when we think we got it, it's like, oh, I got it now. But the very nature of a breakthrough is that we're constantly wrong about things. We have to look for it and not delude ourselves that we're doing it when we're not actually doing it.

[97:25] Speaker G: No, you're right. I've been. I've been wrong for sure in this relationship.

[97:29] Speaker A: And it's okay to be. It's just like, oh, that's my humanity. I just get with Jacob. It doesn't mean anything about me. I miss, he misses, you know, we all miss. And I just, like, normalize that. I don't shame myself or avoid that or try to look Good. It's like, no, I'm human. I'm gonna miss. And I have grace. I recognize God's grace. For me, I have grace. I'm a fallible. That's the nature of human being sin. To miss the mark. It's all its meaning. I miss. I wasn't being loving there. I wasn't God centered there. I was in my fear. I missed the mark. That is, if you're not doing that, then you're not human. The faster we can own that, the faster we can humble ourselves, the faster we'll grow.

[98:09] Speaker G: Amen. Thank you.

[98:11] Speaker A: You're welcome. Yemia. Hello.

[98:19] Speaker F: Okay, so I opened a Sober Living home November 1st of this last year with a business partner. Three homes actually. And in the beginning we identified the roles as I would handle all things admin, he would handle all things facility. In the beginning, he ended up having his daughter come on board to help. And I kind of felt like it was a trust thing, but I was like, okay, well, to subdue that.

[98:50] Speaker A: What do you mean?

[98:51] Speaker F: Like I thought maybe he felt like he didn't trust that I was doing what I needed to be doing.

[98:57] Speaker A: Did you, did you ask him?

[99:02] Speaker F: I did not know.

[99:03] Speaker A: So just, just a little note right there. We make up. We make up meaning making. And then we start to live inside of that story and how we behave with them. Keep going.

[99:13] Speaker F: So I actually already know the mirror on that, which I'll get to. So she ended up, she would come in, she wouldn't be present. She was going through her own domestic violence thing. She ended up, she's gone now. But in that there were things that were never completed that I'm now dealing with, like non payments and contracts and whatever. So I've created other systems to have checks and balances because he said a couple of times, like, I feel there's no checks and balances between the house manager and us. So I created those. I brought in a meeting. We just did that last week. And then I feel like I got blindsided because that meeting took place Thursday and then Friday he called me and he was like, hey, I want you to meet this notary. I've. I worked with her for a long time. Now this is for the real estate side because we also do real estate transactions together. And I was like, okay, sure, no problem. So they come in for a meeting and then he switches courses on me and is like, well, I think that she should come in to help with bookkeeping for the sober the new life sober business. And I was like, well, I don't I don't think we're there yet. Like we're only nine days in. Like I have everything under control. And he was like, well, I just think she could help with other things. And he just kept going, you know. And so after she left, I addressed it with him where I was like, you know, I feel like we're not there yet. I feel like I don't know if you're having trust issues or what's going on. I said, but I. We don't have the money for that right now from our account. So then he said, okay, well I'll pay for it on my own from my other businesses. So he took that off the table. So I said, okay, give me the weekend to decide. And so I had to sit with it this morning because I have to. I'm supposed to give an answer today. And when I finally checked in and got real with myself, I believe it's because I have trust issues and especially with women. Right. And so I don't know how to navigate that for. Can she be helpful? Maybe. But now I. Where. What do I do with this trust issue that I have?

[101:23] Speaker A: Okay, what are you, what are you afraid is going to have happen.

[101:31] Speaker F: Right now? Everything's in alignment and where it needs to be.

[101:36] Speaker A: And that's not what asked you. I don't care how aligned it is. What are you afraid will have happen if she's in there?

[101:42] Speaker F: She's not going to do the job right now I have to pick up the pieces like I end up doing all the time and doing more work on the back end.

[101:51] Speaker A: What if, what if, what if that and this just a what if, what if all that. You keep picking up the pieces because you don't trust people.

[102:03] Speaker F: I did, I did have that aha moment about five minutes ago.

[102:06] Speaker A: Yeah, I, I saw it. Like I've. I've been seeing layers, you know, Like I already knew that I did this, but I. You can know something intellectually, but then to know it down into the soul nervous system and to feel deeper releases on. On seeing it in more angles, right. Like I saw. I was doing some work with a friend the other day on a somatic session and I saw. It's like, oh, okay, I know that when Jacob was doing that, but I would create the very thing that I was afraid of because I just ah, just get more controlling in this and that and tight, intense and not playful. And then it's pushes the people away. So I want you to get at some level you. You could be the one creating all the possibly I don't know. But it's good to explore it because we often, we create the lack of trust. I can't trust these people. And we find all the ways that it's happened and then I'm left picking up the pieces of they never felt trusted.

[103:04] Speaker F: Right. So I guess what?

[103:06] Speaker A: So.

[103:06] Speaker F: Which is great. But so now.

[103:08] Speaker A: No, no. Just sit in it for a second. I was going to go to. The next thing is let that land for a second. How, you know, and he's like, ah. How has that been working out for me? How has not trusting women your truth? What, you think there's an aha moment there? We have to. We. I like to validate things. So where has that shown up in my life? Where is it showing up right now? Where else? Outside of it? Because I find that if it's true, it's usually showing up in multiple areas.

[103:41] Speaker F: Yes.

[103:41] Speaker A: Oh, it's showing up there. It showed up in that romantic partnership. It shows up with this. It shows up. Oh, yeah. Okay. So you. I like. And then I like to look. What's the impact of that? I like to really feel that pain and look at the truth of all the impact it's creating. I like to jack it up in my awareness. I like to make it so undeniable so that I can't argue with it or try to find a way out of it. I like to see that the common denominator in all of my problems is me. You. You're the problem in all of it. And I just like to get that clear with myself. Like, ah. And I see. How is it. How is it showing up? What is it like when you are being a person that doesn't trust for somebody and just waiting to pick up the pieces? How does it feel in my body? How is that. How does it show up in your language when you're talking to her? How does it show up in your language when you're talking to your business partner? Do you become more guarded? Do you become more short?

[104:40] Speaker F: Yes.

[104:41] Speaker A: Yeah. You come resentful a little bit in these ways because what's. What's really going on? This is like there's a territorial threat I gotta protect and watch out for what happened to my business and my money. That woman might do something. Yeah. And I just start to notice all of my energy and who I'm being. Oh. And then when I'm feeling that way, then how am I am with my other, with my daughter or this or that. How does it then in that infiltrate that disease of the mind? How does that infiltrate. When I'm over here, I like to just stew in that for a little bit. Not just try to go to the next thing when it just. We want to figure out the next hack, but we haven't got it down. Let me see that monster for what it really is. Is it landing? Is it getting. Oh, yeah, great, great. And then when I see that gremlin, that monster, clearly, I go tell the truth. I go tell them. I just gotta give you real examples. This is what a common thing that women and people that come through our programs will tell us about us. They see by the end, wow. We've never been in with facilitators of people that told so many personal things about their life. We're no different than you. This isn't some hierarchy. We're better. My mentor used to say to me, dude, I'm just a guy in grade school, a couple years ahead, just sharing what I learned on the test. I go, I just telling you, I just told you on this whole call, if you really hear it, how to deal with it. I just went and told Jacob, I just sat down, dude, this is what I've been doing. I see the impact in our relationship. I see what's been going on in my body. I see it, I see it. I want you to know I'm committed to this is resolved. He already knows that I let him in on my process. He feels honored. Thank you for letting me see this and witness it. I'm 10 years older than him. I humble myself. I humble myself before people. I have to practice that. I have to die to self die to that personality and that one who's trying to hide and control all that thing you got built up to make it just perfect. Manage other people and they'll fail me in this. And I can't trust him. I gotta expose it and die to it, crucify it, resurrect in a new state of consciousness. That was the symbology of Jesus. If you can hear it, I gotta die to that over and over again. And bring it to the light. Speak it out. Bring up a new state of being, a new state of consciousness. Go have the conversation, pull it apart, tell him exactly what the you're doing and speak to every impact you can. Because when you speak to the impact you can see that it's causing in your relationship. What does that do for all of you? It has the other person feel seen and heard because they're feeling all that shit from you, whether they're conscious of it or not, whether they have language for it or not. Get it. And when you speak to that, what happens? Everyone trust is restored. Because what's going on oftentimes is trust is getting diminished and diminished. Diminished. People are getting fed up. They don't like it. They think something's crazy. They don't. They also dealing with their own things about knowing how to tell the truth. And then there's just two people not telling the truth. Go tell the truth and tell it fully and commit to new behavior. Tell him you're in this program and you saw this today and you want him, you want to. If next time he feel. If you feel something, I want you to speak up. I want you to help me. I see that I've got some trust issues and I want you to know I don't need you to be the therapist. That's how I say him. I wanted to just own who I've been being. And I want you to know that I'm committed to dying to this part of myself and working through it and coaching, therapy, whatever. That leaves the other person for everyone listening. I'm giving you deep codes in your relationships that leaves the other person feeling safe. I find one of the qualities I look for in women or men that I'm going to let into my life is that person responsible. Responsibility, if you watch the context video is not about anything about you. It just means I'm willing to acknowledge what I did. If I know that person's going to own their actions, then I, I, then I know how to also extend grace. I can have grace without it, but I just know it's safe. They're going to acknowledge when they miss and not try to project that onto me. I'm the one causing it. Because it's like I used to tell, like one of these, like, you know, I'm very clear in my boundaries. I'll be a space for your emotions, but I won't be a punching bag for your projections. That's a big distinction. Can't just come over here saying a bunch of and putting all your fears and this and that. No, but I'll hold space for all your emotions and what you're dealing with. I'll hold space for that, but you better own it. And then when you own it, the other person feels really safe. They want to be in that with you, to be there for you to break through that because it benefits him too. You enroll people, you create them as allies and contributors to your evolution. That's the frame I enter. That's the way I see the world. I have to shift into that state of consciousness before I speak. And I go. And then I see that it's all a divine orchestration to just keep helping me get free. That's what I got. Yamile. Is that helpful?

[110:01] Speaker F: Yes, thank you.

[110:02] Speaker A: Great. I want to hear how it goes too. For all of you that I've been going into one on one and that WhatsApp group. I'm not gonna go. I don't have the energy and space to come hunt you down. But I'm challenging you right now here in front of everybody who's watched you speak. And this is on the recording. I challenge you to get your ass in that WhatsApp lounge and tell us what happened. And when you do that, you. It's wild what happens, because you're creating accountability in your environment. You're bringing the shadow really into the light. You're training yourself that it's safe to just be human. Stop playing all those other games and you'll transform faster than you can ever imagine. It's wild. So practice it. Tell us what happens. I love hearing it. And it's always. It's so expansive. Cool. Sophie, I got 10 more minutes. Okay. I want to get through all. All of you. I gotta. I'll make 15 minutes and then I gotta. I gotta get some food before this next one.

[111:05] Speaker H: All right? So I'm gonna make it quick.

[111:07] Speaker A: I'm a.

[111:08] Speaker H: In romantic relationships, I am a people pleaser. And it comes down to me thinking. And although I can consciously communicated, it comes down to me thinking that if I do everything for them, they will stay. So I don't believe that they stay for me or for who I am, but rather for what I'm doing for them. So I have two questions. Because previously in my past, I would also have, like, little lies to my friends, especially to make me, like, look better, you know, Like, I would. I don't know, like, small things that are. But like, change the. The past. What I've experienced things like this just to be more interesting to them or something. I stopped that. But. So that's just my second question. First question is, how can I reprogram my mind of not thinking that they will leave me when. Whenever they encounter someone else who's giving them more. Always more special. Yeah. Than me. And then also, what. How does the ego play a role in this?

[112:09] Speaker A: Because I feel like I. I try to not to speak about the ego and put it into the world of ego. Like, I, I, as much as I can, I try to disidentify from that because A lot of times, just commonly in this new age, spiritual, personal development world, we'll. We'll talk about the ego as a way to push away just being responsible for what we're doing. So let's just not. Let's leave the ego out of it forever. Okay.

[112:34] Speaker H: I feel like it gives me more responsibility of what I was doing because.

[112:37] Speaker A: It'S not a good.

[112:38] Speaker H: And I feel like then I was.

[112:40] Speaker A: That's o. Leave it out. You don't have to justify it and it's fine.

[112:43] Speaker H: Doesn't matter.

[112:43] Speaker A: It doesn't matter. Just leave it out for right now.

[112:45] Speaker H: Yeah.

[112:46] Speaker A: You're asking me and I'm telling you, just leave it out.

[112:48] Speaker H: Yeah.

[112:48] Speaker A: Where's the ego? Show it. Show me. Where is it.

[112:51] Speaker H: So how does. So like.

[112:53] Speaker A: Yeah.

[112:54] Speaker H: So how can I.

[112:55] Speaker A: Let me. Hold on, hold on. You already asked me these things. I got you got. You shed plenty for me to. To work with. So I see that I'm behaving a certain xyz. I'm behaving this way, and it's having this impact. I got a belief system. I'm behaving this certain way. And you have identification, language. You know, you start off by saying, I'm. I am a people pleaser. No, you're not. No, you're not.

[113:22] Speaker H: Okay.

[113:23] Speaker D: Yeah.

[113:24] Speaker A: Unless you want to confine that. That's who you are. That's such a limited place to stand.

[113:29] Speaker H: No, I am. I'm having this behavior.

[113:31] Speaker A: Yeah.

[113:32] Speaker H: Keeping reapprecing people.

[113:34] Speaker A: Yep.

[113:35] Speaker H: In romantic relationships only, not in friendships.

[113:37] Speaker A: I got it. But just stop saying I'm a people pleaser is what I'm getting at. Okay. Just. Just let it land. You don't have to. Quick retort. Just let it land. Hey, just notice I say I'm a people pleaser. No, I don't. I'm not ocd. I'm not adhd. I'm not avoidant. I'm not anxious, attached. That. Just keep myself wrapped in that identity. And then I play the game of pulling that identity apart more and more and more. I gotta first disidentify from that entirely in language. That's this first step. Okay. And. And then even if you're gonna say p, I'm. I'm exhibiting people blazing behaviors, I just say it more directly. I take all of this. The nicety out of it. I take all of the. All of that out of it to. It just sounds real raw. I have been manipulating people. That's what I say. It doesn't. Ah. Oh, yeah.

[114:29] Speaker H: Yes. So they're staying because I'm thinking they would leave if. If it was just for me.

[114:35] Speaker A: I got it. I got. I heard that part too. But I'm. I'm taking you in stages, slowly. Right? Okay. I look at the way I think and I talk about it. I gotta look the. My word creates my world. Stop. I slow down. I'm not any of that. I. I do these behaviors and I'm manipulating people. I'm engaging in that behavior, and when I do that, it's getting me a payoff. What's the payoff? I'm getting.

[115:10] Speaker H: Like, attention.

[115:11] Speaker A: Yeah.

[115:12] Speaker H: They're staying. Love.

[115:13] Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Getting attention. Love. Okay, got it. Now what's the cost?

[115:19] Speaker H: Fear.

[115:21] Speaker A: What else?

[115:23] Speaker H: Like, fear of abandonment, mainly feeling alone.

[115:27] Speaker A: Great. What else.

[115:32] Speaker H: Are being left for someone else who's more lovable? Whatever.

[115:38] Speaker A: Yeah, push. Push somebody away. Yeah.

[115:43] Speaker H: You think it's pushing away?

[115:45] Speaker A: I don't know. I'm asking you, do you push? Did it push him away? I said, what's the cost if I'm. I'm manipulating people and doing this.

[115:51] Speaker H: It would totally push me away if there was someone.

[115:54] Speaker A: Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. We looked at the. What the payoff was. I get love and attention. This. Now what's the cost of doing that? I got. I feel fear. How does that show up in my body? How does my body feel?

[116:08] Speaker H: Okay. I feel. I feel like I'm not getting the attention or the. The love that I want to have. Like I'm not giving back what I'm giving.

[116:16] Speaker A: Okay, close. Those are everybody for everybody. There's a distinction between your feelings and your narratives. I said, how does it feel? Notice how a lot of people say where I feel like I'm not getting enough tension. That's a story. So you have a belief that I'm not getting attention. And then my body. I feel fear, anxiousness. What are the feelings?

[116:37] Speaker H: How do you say that in English? Can I explain it, though? Because I don't know the English word for it.

[116:44] Speaker A: No, I don't want you to explain it. I want you to find one word feelings of. Find something close to it. One word, feelings.

[116:58] Speaker H: I don't know the word in English.

[116:59] Speaker A: Well, we got. We got fear. But this is a rhetorical too. You don't actually have to. You got fear. You said that. And then you've got narratives.

[117:07] Speaker H: Like less worthiness.

[117:09] Speaker A: Yeah, that's. You could say insecurity.

[117:14] Speaker H: Yes.

[117:14] Speaker F: Okay.

[117:16] Speaker A: But it's almost not a feeling. It's still a narrative. Look up one word feelings on Google. Search all the feelings and get in touch with feelings. Yeah. Okay. You have feelings that are. You're getting these costs. You're getting these negative feelings. I feel fear. I. I feel whatever else, but I'm getting this payoff. But here's the cost, and then here's other costs. Maybe. Maybe you are pushing. I don't know, you have to look for the truth. Maybe that is pushing people away. Maybe when I do those behaviors, I start to tell more negative. I feel shame, I feel guilt. Oh, and when I feel shame and guilt. Oh, what's the cost of feeling shame and guilt? Oh, I feel discon. I have this. I feel disconnected. Or I'm. I'm. I'm. I tell a narrative. I'm not good enough. Or then I start to overeat and I start looking. What is all the. What is all the cost of that behavior and where is it. Where all. Is it all impacting? And I start looking the truth and connecting all of those dots. I need to become really hyper aware of it. That's one stage. Right. And then there's also somatic components. I told you the thing that happened with Jacob, I had to reflect. When I had some space, I was like, okay, what's going on? Oh, my sleep has been off. Okay, I've seen my sleep song. I have felt less playful. I can feel Jacob's mood shifting a little bit. Okay. He's probably feeling it. Oh, and then I notice resentment. Oh, and then I feel. I notice. I notice a distance between us a little bit. Oh, I've got a. Oh, I've got a belief. Oh, oh, there's that little boy. There's still some.

[119:02] Speaker H: Oh, resentment is one of the ones I feel.

[119:05] Speaker A: Yeah, well, resentment is not a feeling. Resentment is a. Is a. It's an inner. It's like. But so I start to pull it apart, and I look for the truth of what's happening in my psyche, what's happening in my body, and then what's happening in my behaviors. And I want to do the best to tell the truth with somebody and own that and get clear. Because the more conscious attention and awareness I bring to that, it can't. The darkness can't exist in the light. Now we keep and will. Even the frequency of it will start to reduce. And then there's the somatic components that we get down in. Right now. I'm hit. I'm hitting it ontologically, meaning, like looking at the nature of who you're being and the connecting who you're being to all the impacts in your body, in your psyche, and other people. That's plenty right now. And be thorough with that. Write it all out. I like, you know, we're going to be writing it out later, but you can even just start right now and what you're noticing.

[120:06] Speaker H: Okay.

[120:07] Speaker A: And then I just go to. I just go have the conversation. Hey, just like I just coached Yamia, I go tell somebody in my life. You're telling here. This is good. You're being witnessed here. You're opening up. You're getting safe to open up here. And then I go tell it with the people and watch. And there's a great saying. After you. Once we clean up our mess, eventually we get sick of cleaning up our own. Meaning the pattern starts to die. Because we're tired of cleaning it up. We're tired of having to go have that conversation with people. So we clean it up for good. But a lot of people want to. They want to come and get the highs here and the coaching and this. And then they don't go have the real tough conversations and the pattern lives on and they wonder why they don't change and they keep going like this from development to development program.

[120:53] Speaker H: I kind of like, I don't even engage in any romantic relationships anymore.

[120:58] Speaker A: Yeah.

[120:58] Speaker H: So it's very hard to train when like. And I feel like if I would do it, I probably would need a lot of time to reflect.

[121:05] Speaker A: Stop. No, no, no, no. Don't tell yourself all of that. Don't cast those spells. It's not hard and it doesn't take a lot of time. Pick up the phone with one person tomorrow when you wake up in the morning. Have the conversation. It starts with one step.

[121:23] Speaker H: Okay.

[121:23] Speaker A: Don't dramatize it and make it hard. And this. Because then you're psych. You're just telling your subconscious this and you'll avoid it again. Tell a new story about it. It's actually fun. It's expansive. I just got to do it one time and then I, ah. I had to learn how to ride a bike. I had to get on a pedal for a while. Just do it. Hard as climbing Mount Everest. Challenging can be maybe having a conversation, but don't make it out. Don't leave all the drama out of it. Just go.

[121:49] Speaker H: Okay. Thank you.

[121:53] Speaker A: You're welcome. Sydney. I'm gonna extend just a little bit more. I want to make sure everybody gets. I got these two. Great.

[122:04] Speaker D: So earlier when you were talking about how a lot of. About the different reasons why people are hesitant to tell the truth. And I feel like my hesitance, my Hesitancy to tell the truth is it's not based out of, like, rejection or in acceptance or. Or fear of conflict, but it's. I'm. I'm a very logical person. So my most recent inner conflict has been. I know that you kind of know the backstory on this, but just for the people listening, I have a similar situation with HSV2 and, like, Jeremiah and such, but when I revealed that I had herpes to my partner, I was met with rejection. So I haven't had sex with my partner in about three years anyways. So for the first time in two and a half years, we had sex and it was great. Glad we're moving forward. But I realized.

[123:17] Speaker A: Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath. Let yourself feel that. Notice the shifts in your voice and just let yourself take a deep breath for a moment. It's a big thing you're sharing.

[123:29] Speaker D: So normally I have outbreaks maybe twice a year. And I realized literally one day after that I was starting to have an outbreak. And I'm terrified because the reason that I've been met with this rejection from my partner is because he has ocd. Really bad, diagnosed ocd. And so he. I already know that he is in his head and he's like, nervous about what's going on and nervous about having sex with me. These are things that I've communicated with him about and I've tried to make him feel safe about. But now where. In the situation where I know that he's. He's gonna wait the incubation period, he's gonna go get tested, he's going to do his due diligence, and he's already going to be in his head and freaking out about this. So I don't. I. I think my problem is you don't know that.

[124:33] Speaker A: Wait, you don't know that. You don't know that. You don't know that. You don't know that. Stop. Hold on. You don't. Just stop right there. You don't know any of that. You don't know.

[124:41] Speaker D: You think he's told me this?

[124:43] Speaker A: Well, you said I already. Okay, so he's actually telling you, I'm gonna go do this, this, this, and this and this, and he's freaking out.

[124:50] Speaker D: Yes.

[124:51] Speaker A: Okay, the way I heard you saying it is like, sounded assumptive. Okay, so guess what? He's doing it.

[124:56] Speaker G: Yeah.

[124:56] Speaker A: Okay, now what?

[124:57] Speaker D: I don't want to make it worse by telling the truth and saying, well, here. Freak out a little bit more for the next three weeks. And so what you were talking about earlier about timing and delivery. I. I'm just kind of wondering when. When is that threshold met?

[125:15] Speaker A: Like.

[125:16] Speaker D: Like, I understand that withholding information is dishonest. And so I feel like I'm at this point where I'm withholding information in hopes that I'm, like, saving him some sort of pain or like. Like, I know what's best for him. What's best for him is to withhold this information.

[125:35] Speaker A: Yeah.

[125:35] Speaker D: I can't. I have to let go of that and, like, live in my truth. But I'm just so. I don't see the, like, logic in doing that.

[125:44] Speaker A: The logic in doing what?

[125:46] Speaker D: The logic in. In being truthful. In being truthful, because it's not going to change anything. He's still gonna go get tested after three weeks. He's still.

[125:55] Speaker A: What is the truth that you want to say?

[125:58] Speaker D: I mean, the truth is that, hey, I just realized after the first time we had sex in two, two and a half years that I'm having an outbreak and I might have exposed you to it. And so obviously there's already shame around that because that's, like, something that's terrifying for people with it to. To spread it to others. But it's also, like, I don't want it. I don't want it to. There's nothing I can change about it at this point. So in the next three weeks, like, I don't want him to be just, like, constantly in a state of nervousness or anxiety. And so that's the reason why I've been withholding. And I don't. I don't see the. The logical side of telling him right now, because what's it gonna do? It's not gonna change anything. So I guess that's my hesitancy. He.

[126:54] Speaker A: What if he goes and gets tested? By the way, he's. He's a responsible adult male. He knows what he's entering into.

[127:03] Speaker D: Yeah.

[127:04] Speaker A: And so. And if he goes. And that's. That's the risk. I've never given it to a partner, but. Okay, so. But, But. But the. The fact is, it could happen.

[127:16] Speaker D: Yeah.

[127:17] Speaker A: And. And if he goes and finds out that he's. He's positive for it, how will you feel?

[127:26] Speaker D: Probably extremely disheartened. I'm sure you remember how you felt when you were diagnosed with it, but.

[127:31] Speaker A: Check out what you said before. You said, I already feel a lot of shame around it.

[127:35] Speaker D: Yeah. I mean, I have since 2019.

[127:38] Speaker A: Yeah, but you said you felt. Yeah, yeah. Let me see. He's already going to do These things. And the truth is the truth.

[127:51] Speaker D: Yeah.

[127:53] Speaker A: You're trying to manage all of his. What you think he'll react and what you think will happen because you think you do. You do. You do think you're playing God. You think you know best.

[128:03] Speaker G: Yeah.

[128:04] Speaker A: And you don't know that it could be his greatest awakening. You have no idea. Yeah. You don't. You don't know that. But you're trying. You. You. When you deprive people of the truth, you're not actually in relationship with him. And it does matter how we deliver it. But you got all sorts. I mean just even look at how you talk about it and your energy, you got a ton around it because you're not, you know, you. Your soul knows you're not living in truth. You're not freed up in that relationship. And I want you. I want you to consider this is a little. The whole out to me, the whole outbreak during this is no coincidence either. If you look into German new medicine, I'll. I'll encourage you to look deeper down that route. It will explain what. Why that's happening right now. And it only happens twice a year. At the time that you had sex. To me there's a lot of deep correlation and you not telling the truth and avoiding and this and that and my. All I get. All I can say is like your logical mind is going to try to figure especially check it out. Especially when you've got all that shame. That's the. That what's who's really speaking. Is it the shame? Is it all of my traumatic imprints or is my soul. Is it who's who's all that logic from who's it who. Where's the logic? Who's who's the who's crafting all that logic. I don't trust it. I know what it's like being on that. That end all. I use my mind to craft that logic versus being connected to my soul and the truth. And you know what? It will go how it goes. He'll take it how it takes it. When you're telling the truth, the people that are meant to be in our lives will be in our lives. Maybe he leaves you. Maybe he hates you. Maybe he's so grateful that you felt freed up enough to share him. Maybe he's not the person for you to. If you're still dealing with the shame since 2019. You know, great relationships and partners can. Can be a source of co regulation and healing. Those parts that we haven't felt safe enough to fully open up and tell the truth. Maybe, I don't know, I'm just painting a bunch of different scenarios. Maybe God's trying to redirect something.

[130:32] Speaker D: Well, I, I didn't feel as shameful before we started dating. Like, I was, I was with someone else during COVID and I felt little to no shame around the herpes thing. And then when I, I told my current partner and was met with that, like, instant rejection and just cut off from sex, it was, it definitely like, reignited that shame. And I, I also, I know that I want to be honest with him about it and I know that I want to tell him about it. Like, obviously it impacts his health. And although I know that he's going to go get tested in three weeks, he told me that already. I like, my, my issue is. I see. Whenever, whenever I'm talking about logic, I'm talking about like the real world implications that it makes. So if I tell him right now, he's still going to get tested in three weeks. He's still going to know if he has it or not. He's still going to act accordingly after that. The only thing that it would change is it would spike his anxiety.

[131:47] Speaker A: So I guess, like, don't know that that's where you, that's where I'm saying you don't know that it might, it might blow his world open and awaken him in some way.

[131:57] Speaker D: He's, he's had false positives in the past where he's.

[132:01] Speaker A: I don't care about all that. I care about the truth. Listen, listen. Hear the words I'm saying in the message underneath. I don't care about any of that. I care about the soul in there who's holding on to six years plus of shame and is not free to speak up and is in relationships and situations that validate that. It would reinforce you not learning how to speak up in your life. And I gotta manage how everybody, how he's gonna take it. He's gonna have an anxiety, he's got false positive. So what? I'm gonna be free to be me and share the truth and people will leave and they will go and they will come. And I know my security and my provision rests in God, not in man. You're trying to play God and trying to find it out here. He may leave you. He might feel so wrong. And why didn't this and blah, blah. And guess what? Even that act of not wanting to deal with that could, could be the very biggest transformation that you're hiding from yourself as well. I did you hear what I said when I finally told her? It was the most. One of the most transformative moments of my life. Feeling the level of acceptance and this and that. She has. She had plenty of her own anxieties. This. But I just stop all of that and be responsible and tell the truth. I gotta cut through all of the logic and all of the mind. It doesn't matter. The truth is not concerned with any of that or. Or keep doing it the way you've been doing it. See what result it gets. You see what that logic and that. That way of thinking's got you. It's got you here. Keep trying it.

[133:53] Speaker D: Yeah. And I have other relationships where I have been completely upfront and open and truthful. And it feels completely different from. From where I'm standing in my relationship right now. And I definitely do not prefer it. I.

[134:09] Speaker A: You're gonna have to break. You're gonna have to break the cycle. You get one. There's shame that's. I don't have. I gotta get off here in a minute. Jude will have to do another call. I'm like way past time. The shame, the deep shame down there. I know because it took me years to clear those levels of shame. And it would have been faster if I would have just gone really understanding Grace God, and really understanding that all that shit's been forgiven. Like, I don't have to. I don't have to worry my mind with that. But I'm planting some seeds with you. But like when you're living in all that, that shame that's so evident, you're not being yourself, you're being ashamed. You're being all the mind. It's all that very low negative vibration that's running it right. And I. I could don't have the space to pull it all apart today. But if you just walk it back, there's like, you know, if I say this, I'm afraid this person leaves. It activates this. Maybe I get more break. There's just all sorts of subconscious things. I. It confirms I'm not lovable. And so then I keep using my logic not to deal with. You know. And so I just. At one point, I mean, we're going to go through nervous system stuff and creating safety and learning it. But at the end of the day, you've got. It's like, that's the fire just getting out there and getting it. Just getting into action. I didn't have. This is what I mean. I. I'm careful to talk too much about pulling it apart. Too much because it's not actually needed. I had no idea what somatics and nervous System was in 2020. I. But I did have a very powerful man call me forward. The way you deal with your life powerfully is to go be responsible for what you did. And I just went scared, nervous, anxious. All of my logic and stories. So what. One of the greatest things that ever happened in my life. And so I, I just. You can tell me all the stories. So you're blue in the face and I don't trust him. I trust the truth. Truth will set you free. It's been said for reasons, and it's just when you're ready to get into alignment, you're going to watch how much of your suffering ends. It could really. It could. Guess what, it could really have that relationship end. And immediately it could have you deal with all sorts of deeper shame that's going to come up when he says, maybe I don't want to be. Yeah, or you're not this. Or maybe he gets really irate. Maybe he does have herpes and he makes you wrong and it sends you in it. Guess what? To me, that's all divinely orchestrated. It's all being set up so you can finally hear and see that you're going to have, you're going to. You're going to learn eventually. I always believe we're eventually going to submit to God. We're going to submit, we're going to submit. All of that logic and shame until we're going to get humbled, until we submit. And so you can just choose when you want to do it or not. That's, that's what I got. I got to get off this call, but I want to light that fire under you. I would encourage you to just go have the conversation and just be scared. Let yourself feel scared. Let yourself feel anxious. Have support system around you. Drop in the WhatsApp group, come back to the call, but do it anyways.

[137:15] Speaker D: Okay?

[137:16] Speaker A: And you know, you, you just know. You got, you got one on one sessions with Jacob and I, you got access to Judith, you got resources and community. It's like you're gonna pay now or you're gonna pay later. You're gonna pay. Withholding in more shame, more hiding, more this. Or you could pay now with some short discomfort and dealing with what comes up and knowing that, hey, I'm now on this path and I'm gonna deal with that once and for all. You're gonna move to a space in your psyche where you're not like, I don't even ever have to. Even. I just didn't think about that stuff anymore. I just didn't even come up with women. I just know who I am. I know I'll share it. I'm clear. And when it's no longer. Check this out. When it's no longer a deal to me, it's never been a deal for them, but because it's so much a deal for you, you'll also attract people that it's a big deal for them. The truth will cut through all of it. That's what I got. I gotta run. I love you all. We'll see you. See you later.

[138:07] Speaker D: Bye.

[138:08] Speaker A: Welcome. Bye. Bye. Bye, guys.

